I was abandoned.|To dream that you are abandoned, denotes that you will have difficulty in framing your plans for future success. 
I abandoned others.|To abandon others, you will see unhappy conditions piled thick around you, leaving little hope of surmounting them. 
I abandoned.|If it is your house that you abandon, you will soon come to grief in experimenting with fortune. 
I abandoned my sweetheart.|If you abandon your sweetheart, you will fail to recover lost valuables, and friends will turn aside from your favors. 
I abandoned a mistress.|If you abandon a mistress, you will unexpectedly come into a goodly inheritance. 
I abandoned.|If it is religion you abandon, you will come to grief by your attacks on prominent people. 
I abandoned children.|To abandon children, denotes that you will lose your fortune by lack of calmness and judgment. 
I abandoned my business.|To abandon your business, indicates distressing circumstances in which there will be quarrels and suspicion.  (This dream may have a literal fulfilment if it is impressed on your waking mind, whether you abandon a person, or that person abandons you, or, as indicated, it denotes other worries.) 
I saw myself or friend abandon a ship.|To see yourself or friend abandon a ship, suggests your possible entanglement in some business failure, but if you escape to shore your interests will remain secure. 
I saw an abbey in ruins.|To see an abbey in ruins, foretells that your hopes and schemes will fall into ignoble incompletion. 
I got into an abbey.|For a young woman to get into an abbey, foretells her violent illness. If she converses with a priest in an abbey, she will incur the censure of true friends for indiscretion. 
I saw an abbess.|For a young woman to dream that she sees an abbess, denotes that she will be compelled to perform distasteful tasks, and will submit to authority only after unsuccessful rebellion. 
I was an abbot.|To dream that you are an abbot, warns you that treacherous plots are being laid for your downfall. 
I saw this pious man in devotional exercises.|If you see this pious man in devotional exercises, it forewarns you of smooth flattery and deceit pulling you a willing victim into the meshes of artful bewilderment. 
I talked with an abbot.|For a young woman to talk with an abbot, portends that she will yield to insinuating flatteries, and in yielding she will besmirch her reputation. If she marries one, she will uphold her name and honor despite poverty and temptation. 
I saw my abdomen.|To see your abdomen in a dream, foretells that you will have great expectations, but you must curb hardheadedness and redouble your energies on your labor, as pleasure is approaching to your hurt. 
I saw my abdomen shriveled.|To see your abdomen shriveled, foretells that you will be persecuted and defied by false friends. 
I saw it swollen.|To see it swollen, you will have tribulations, but you will overcome them and enjoy the fruits of your labor. 
I saw blood oozing from the abdomen.|To see blood oozing from the abdomen, foretells an accident or tragedy in your family. 
I abhorred a person.|To dream that you abhor a person, denotes that you will entertain strange dislike for some person, and your suspicion of his honesty will prove correct. 
I thought myself held in abhorrence by others.|To think yourself held in abhorrence by others, predicts that your good intentions to others will subside into selfishness. 
I was abject.|To dream that you are abject, denotes that you will be the recipient of gloomy tidings, which will cause a relaxation in your strenuous efforts to climb the heights of prosperity. 
I saw others abject.|To see others abject, is a sign of bickerings and false dealings among your friends. 
I couldn't find my abode.|To dream that you can't find your abode, you will completely lose faith in the integrity of others. 
I had no abode.|If you have no abode in your dreams, you will be unfortunate in your affairs, and lose by speculation. 
I changed my abode.|To change your abode, signifies hurried tidings and that hasty journeys will be made by you. 
I had left my abode.|For a young woman to dream that she has left her abode, is significant of slander and falsehoods being perpetrated against her. 
I assented to abortion being committed on me.|For a woman to dream that she assents to abortion being committed on her, is a warning that she is contemplating some enterprise which if carried out will steep her in disgrace and unhappiness. 
I was a party to an abortion.|For a doctor to dream that he is a party to an abortion, foretells that his practice will suffer from his inattention to duty, which will cause much trouble. 
I saw anything hanging above me.|To see anything hanging above you, and about to fall, implies danger; if it falls upon you it may be ruin or sudden disappointment. If it falls near, but misses you, it is a sign that you will have a narrow escape from loss of money, or other misfortunes may follow. 
I was abroad.|To dream that you are abroad, or going abroad, foretells that you will soon, in company with a party, make a pleasant trip, and you will find it necessary to absent yourself from your native country for a sojourn in a different climate. 
I grieved over the absence of any one.|To grieve over the absence of any one in your dreams, denotes that repentance for some hasty action will be the means of securing you life-long friendships. 
I rejoiced over the absence of friends.|If you rejoice over the absence of friends, it denotes that you will soon be well rid of an enemy. 
I had an abscess which seemed to have reached a chronic stage.|To dream that you have an abscess which seems to have reached a chronic stage, you will be overwhelmed with misfortune of your own; at the same time your deepest sympathies will be enlisted for the sorrows of others. 
I had reached a chronic stage.|To dream that you have an abscess which seems to have reached a chronic stage, you will be overwhelmed with misfortune of your own; at the same time your deepest sympathies will be enlisted for the sorrows of others. 
I came under the influence of absinthe.|To come under the influence of absinthe in dreams, denotes that you will lead a merry and foolish pace with innocent companions, and waste your inheritance in prodigal lavishness on the siren, selfish fancy. 
I was possessed with an abundance.|To dream that you are possessed with an abundance; foretells that you will have no occasion to reproach Fortune, and that you will be independent of her future favors; but your domestic happiness may suffer a collapse under the strain you are likely to put upon it by your infidelity. 
I abused a person.|To dream of abusing a person, means that you will be unfortunate in your affairs, losing good money through over-bearing persistency in business relations with others. 
I felt myself abused.|To feel yourself abused, you will be molested in your daily pursuits by the enmity of others. 
I heard abusive language.|For a young woman to dream that she hears abusive language, foretells that she will fall under the ban of some person's jealousy and envy. If she uses the language herself, she will meet with unexpected rebuffs, that may fill her with mortification and remorse for her past unworthy conduct toward friends. 
I looked into an abyss.|To dream of looking into an abyss, means that you will be confronted by threats of seizure of property, and that there will be quarrels and reproaches of a personal nature which will unfit you to meet the problems of life. 
I was looking into an abyss.|For a woman to be looking into an abyss, foretells that she will burden herself with unwelcome cares.  If she falls into the abyss her disappointment will be complete; but if she succeeds in crossing, or avoiding it, she will reinstate herself. 
I visited an academy.|To visit an academy in your dreams, denotes that you will regret opportunities that you have let pass through sheer idleness and indifference. 
I owned.|To think you own, or are an inmate of one, you will find that you are to meet easy defeat of aspirations.  You will take on knowledge, but be unable to rightly assimilate and apply it. 
I thought me owned.|To think you own, or are an inmate of one, you will find that you are to meet easy defeat of aspirations.  You will take on knowledge, but be unable to rightly assimilate and apply it. 
I returned to an academy after having finished there.|For a young woman or any person to return to an academy after having finished there, signifies that demands will be made which the dreamer may find himself or her self unable to meet. 
I had been accepted by my sweetheart.|For a lover to dream that he has been accepted by his sweetheart, denotes that he will happily wed the object of his own and others' admiration. 
I avoided any mode of travel for a short period.|To dream of an accident is a warning to avoid any mode of travel for a short period, as you are threatened with loss of life. 
I befell stock.|For an accident to befall stock, denotes that you will struggle with all your might to gain some object and then see some friend lose property of the same value in aiding your cause. 
I heard the music of an accordion.|To dream of hearing the music of an accordion, denotes that you will engage in amusement which will win you from sadness and retrospection. You will by this means be enabled to take up your burden more cheerfully. 
I was playing an accordion.|For a young woman to dream that she is playing an accordion, portends that she will win her lover by some sad occurrence; but, notwithstanding which, the same will confer lasting happiness upon her union.  If the accordion gets out of tune, she will be saddened by the illness or trouble of her lover. 
I had accounts presented to me for payment.|To dream of having accounts presented to you for payment, you will be in a dangerous position.  You may have recourse to law to disentangle yourself.  If you pay the accounts, you will soon effect a compromise in some serious dispute. 
I held accounts against others.|To hold accounts against others, foretells that disagreeable contingencies will arise in your business, marring the smoothness of its management. 
I footed up accounts.|For a young woman book-keeper to dream of footing up accounts, denotes that she will have trouble in business, and in her love affairs; but some worthy person will persuade her to account for his happiness. She will be much respected by her present employers. 
I accused any one of a mean action.|To dream that you accuse any one of a mean action, denotes that you will have quarrels with those under you, and your dignity will be thrown from a high pedestal. 
I was accused.|If you are accused, you are in danger of being guilty of distributing scandal in a sly and malicious way. 
I had aches.|To dream that you have aches, denotes that you are halting too much in your business, and that some other person is profiting by your ideas. 
I had the heartache.|For a young woman to dream that she has the heartache, foretells that she will be in sore distress over the laggardly way her lover prosecutes his suit. If it is the backache, she will encounter illness through careless exposure. If she has the headache, there will be much disquietude of mind for the risk she has taken to rid herself of rivalry. 
I drank any acid was an adverse dream.|To drink any acid is an adverse dream, bringing you much anxiety. 
I drank aciduous liquors.|For a woman to drink aciduous liquors, denotes that she may ensnare herself with compromising situations; even health may be involved. 
I saw poisonous acids.|To see poisonous acids, some treachery against you may be discovered. 
I picked them from the ground.|To pick them from the ground, foretells success after weary labors. 
I ate them.|For a woman to eat them, denotes that she will rise from a station of labor to a position of ease and pleasure. 
I shook them from the trees.|To shake them from the trees, denotes that you will rapidly attain your wishes in business or love. 
I saw green-growing acorns.|To see green-growing acorns, or to see them scattered over the ground, affairs will change for the better.  Decayed or blasted acorns have import of disappointments and reverses. 
I pulled them green from the trees.|To pull them green from the trees, you will injure your interests by haste and indiscretion. 
I met an acquaintance.|To meet an acquaintance, and converse pleasantly with him, foretells that your business will run smoothly, and there will be but little discord in your domestic affairs. 
I seemed to be disputing.|If you seem to be disputing, or engaged in loud talk, humiliations and embarrassments will whirl seethingly around you. 
I was disputing.|If you seem to be disputing, or engaged in loud talk, humiliations and embarrassments will whirl seethingly around you. 
I felt ashamed of meeting an acquaintance.|If you feel ashamed of meeting an acquaintance, or meet him at an inopportune time, it denotes that you will be guilty of illicitly conducting yourself, and other parties will let the secret out. 
I thought that I had an extensive acquaintance.|For a young woman to think that she has an extensive acquaintance, signifies that she will be the possessor of vast interests, and her love will be worthy the winning.  If her circle of acquaintances is small, she will be unlucky in gaining social favors. 
I was acquitted of a crime.|To dream that you are acquitted of a crime, denotes that you are about to come into possession of valuable property, but there is danger of a law suit before obtaining possession. 
I saw others acquitted.|To see others acquitted, foretells that your friends will add pleasure to your labors. 
I saw acrobats.|To dream of seeing acrobats, denotes that you will be prevented from carrying out hazardous schemes by the foolish fears of others. 
I saw myself acrobating.|To see yourself acrobating, you will have a sensation to answer for, and your existence will be made almost unendurable by the guying of your enemies. 
I saw women acrobating.|To see women acrobating, denotes that your name will be maliciously and slanderously handled.  Also your business interests will be hindered. 
I saw acrobats in tights.|For a young woman to dream that she sees acrobats in tights, signifies that she will court favor of men. 
I saw an actress.|To see in your dreams an actress, denotes that your present state will be one of unbroken pleasure and favor. 
I saw one in distress.|To see one in distress, you will gladly contribute your means and influence to raise a friend from misfortune and indebtedness. 
I thought myself one.|If you think yourself one, you will have to work for subsistence, but your labors will be pleasantly attended. 
I saw a dead actor.|To see a dead actor, or actress, your good luck will be overwhelmed in violent and insubordinate misery. 
I saw them wandering and penniless.|To see them wandering and penniless, foretells that your affairs will undergo a change from promise to threatenings of failure. To those enjoying domestic comforts, it is a warning of revolution and faithless vows. 
I was engaged to an actor.|For a young woman to dream that she is engaged to an actor, or about to marry one, foretells that her fancy will bring remorse after the glamor of pleasure has vanished. 
I saw them in the garden.|To see them in the garden, Adam dressed in his fig leaf, but Eve perfectly nude save for an Oriental colored serpent ornamenting her waist and abdomen, signifies that treachery and ill faith will combine to overthrow your fortune. 
I saw or heard Eve conversing with the serpent.|To see or hear Eve conversing with the serpent, foretells that artful women will reduce you to the loss of fortune and reputation. 
I saw an adder strike.|To dream of seeing an adder strike, and a friend, who is dead but seems to be lying down and breathing, rises partly to a sitting position when the adder strikes at him, and then both disappearing into some bushes nearby, denotes that you will be greatly distressed over the ill luck of friends, and a loss threatened to yourself. 
I saw an adder.|For a young woman to see an adder, foretells a deceitful person is going to cause her trouble.  If it runs from her, she will be able to defend her character in attacks made on her. 
I pondered over addition.|To dream of pondering over addition, denotes that you will have a struggle to overcome difficult situations, which will soon prominently assume formidable shapes in your business transactions. 
I found some error in addition.|To find some error in addition, shows that you will be able to overcome enemies by fortunately discerning their intention before they have executed their design. 
I added figures with a machine.|To add figures with a machine, foretells that you will have a powerful ally who will save you from much oppression. 
I read the figures.|If you fail to read the figures, you will lose fortune by blind speculation. 
I failed to read the figures.|If you fail to read the figures, you will lose fortune by blind speculation. 
I bid cheerful adieus to people.|To dream of bidding cheerful adieus to people, denotes that you will make pleasant visits and enjoy much social festivity; but if they are made in a sad or doleful strain, you will endure loss and bereaving sorrow. 
I bid adieu to home and country.|If you bid adieu to home and country, you will travel in the nature of an exile from fortune and love. 
I threw kisses of adieu to loved ones.|To throw kisses of adieu to loved ones, or children, foretells that you will soon have a journey to make, but there will be no unpleasant accidents or happenings attending your trip. 
I was an object of admiration.|To dream that you are an object of admiration, denotes that you will retain the love of former associates, though your position will take you above their circle. 
I admonished my child.|To admonish your child, or son, or some young person, denotes that your generous principles will keep you in favor, and fortune will be added to your gifts. 
I saw my adopted child.|To see your adopted child, or parent, in your dreams, indicates that you will amass fortune through the schemes and speculations of strangers. 
I committed adultery.|To dream that you commit adultery, foretells that you will be arrainged{sic} for some illegal action.  If a woman has this dream, she will fail to hold her husband's affections, letting her temper and spite overwhelm her at the least provocation. If it is with her husband's friend, she will be unjustly ignored by her husband.  Her rights will be cruelly trampled upon by him. If she thinks she is enticing a youth into this act, she will be in danger of desertion and divorced for her open intriguing. 
I sought adulation.|To dream that you seek adulation, foretells that you will pompously fill unmerited positions of honor. 
I offered adulation.|If you offer adulation, you will expressly part with some dear belonging in the hope of furthering material interests. 
I advanced in any engagement.|To dream of advancing in any engagement, denotes your rapid ascendency to preferment and to the consummation of affairs of the heart. 
I saw others advancing.|To see others advancing, foretells that friends will hold positions of favor near you. 
I met or engage with an adversary.|To dream that you meet or engage with an adversary, denotes that you will promptly defend any attacks on your interest. Sickness may also threaten you after this dream. 
I overcame an adversary.|If you overcome an adversary, you will escape the effect of some serious disaster. 
I was victimized by an adventurer.|To dream that you are victimized by an adventurer, proves that you will be an easy prey for flatterers and designing villains. You will be unfortunate in manipulating your affairs to a smooth consistency. 
I thought she was an adventuress.|For a young woman to think she is an adventuress, portends that she will be too wrapped up in her own conduct to see that she is being flattered into exchanging her favors for disgrace. 
I was in the clutches of adversity.|To dream that you are in the clutches of adversity, denotes that you will have failures and continued bad prospects. 
I saw others in adversity.|To see others in adversity, portends gloomy surroundings, and the illness of some one will produce grave fears of the successful working of plans.[12] 
I was getting out advertisements.|To dream that you are getting out advertisements, denotes that you will have to resort to physical labor to promote your interest, or establish your fortune. 
I received advice.|To dream that you receive advice, denotes that you will be enabled to raise your standard of integrity, and strive by honest means to reach independent competency and moral altitude. 
I sought legal advice.|To dream that you seek legal advice, foretells that there will be some transactions in your affairs which will create doubt of their merits and legality. 
I advocated any cause.|To dream that you advocate any cause, denotes that you will be faithful to your interests, and endeavor to deal honestly with the public, as your interests affect it, and be loyal to your promises to friends. 
I was afraid to proceed with some affair.|To feel that you are afraid to proceed with some affair, or continue a journey, denotes that you will find trouble in your household, and enterprises will be unsuccessful. 
I felt that I was afraid to proceed with some affair.|To feel that you are afraid to proceed with some affair, or continue a journey, denotes that you will find trouble in your household, and enterprises will be unsuccessful. 
I proceeded with some affair.|To feel that you are afraid to proceed with some affair, or continue a journey, denotes that you will find trouble in your household, and enterprises will be unsuccessful. 
I saw others afraid.|To see others afraid, denotes that some friend will be deterred from performing some favor for you because of his own difficulties. 
I was afraid of a dog.|For a young woman to dream that she is afraid of a dog, there will be a possibility of her doubting a true friend. 
I was in Africa surrounded by Cannibals.|To dream that you are in Africa surrounded by Cannibals, foretells that you will be oppressed by enemies and quarrelsome persons. 
I saw others afflicted.|To see others afflicted, foretells that you will be surrounded by many ills and misfortunes. 
I was affrighted.|To dream that you are affrighted, foretells that you will sustain an injury through an accident. 
I saw others affrighted.|To see others affrighted, brings you close to misery and distressing scenes. Dreams of this nature are frequently caused by nervous and feverish conditions, either from malaria or excitement.  When such is the case, the dreamer is warned to take immediate steps to remove the cause. Such dreams or reveries only occur when sleep is disturbed. 
I was in affluence.|To dream that you are in affluence, foretells that you will make fortunate ventures, and will be pleasantly associated with people of wealth.  To young women, a vision of weird and fairy affluence is ominous of illusive and evanescent pleasure. They should study more closely their duty to friends and parents. After dreams of this nature they are warned to cultivate a love for home life. 
I saw agate.|To see agate in a dream, signifies a slight advancement in business affairs. 
I was accused of being older than I was.|For a young woman to dream of being accused of being older than she is, denotes that she will fall into bad companionship, and her denial of stated things will be brought to scorn. To see herself looking aged, intimates possible sickness, or unsatisfactory ventures.  If it is her lover she sees aged, she will be in danger of losing him. 
I was in agony over the loss of money.|To be in agony over the loss of money, or property, denotes that disturbing and imaginary fears will rack you over the critical condition of affairs, or the illness of some dear relative. 
I saw others thus affected.|To see others thus affected, denotes that you will offend people by your supreme indifference to the influences of others. 
I felt cold air.|To feel cold air, denotes discrepancies in your business, and incompatibility in domestic relations. 
I felt oppressed with humidity.|To feel oppressed with humidity, some curse will fall on you that will prostrate and close down on your optimistical views of the future. 
I heard a bell in my sleep.|To hear a bell in your sleep, denotes that you will have cause for anxiety. 
I looked at photographs in an album.|For a young woman to dream of looking at photographs in an album, foretells that she will soon have a new lover who will be very agreeable to her. 
I was an alien.|To dream you are an alien, denotes abiding friendships. 
I wandered through an alley after dark.|For a young woman to wander through an alley after dark, warns her of disreputable friendships and a stigma on her character. 
I saw a priest at the altar.|To dream of seing{sic} a priest at the altar, denotes quarrels and unsatisfactory states in your business and home. To see a marriage, sorrow to friends, and death to old age. 
I saw an amateur actor on the stage.|To dream of seeing an amateur actor on the stage, denotes that you will see your hopes pleasantly and satisfactorily fulfilled. If they play a tragedy, evil will be disseminated through your happiness. If there is an indistinctness or distorted images in the dream, you are likely to meet with quick and decided defeat in some enterprise apart from your regular business. 
I lied in ambush to revenge myself on others.|If you lie in ambush to revenge yourself on others, you will unhesitatingly stoop to debasing actions to defraud your friends. 
I lost an amethyst.|For a young woman to lose an amethyst, fortells broken engagements and slights in love. 
I saw clear bottles of ammonia.|For a young woman to see clear bottles of ammonia, foretells she will be deceived in the character and intentions of some person whom she considers friendly. 
I was amorous.|To dream you are amorous, warns you against personal desires and pleasures, as they are threatening to engulf you in scandal. 
I saw others amorous.|To see others amorous, foretells that you will be persuaded to neglect your moral obligations.  To see animals thus, denotes you will engage in degrading pleasures with fast men or women. 
I related an anecdote.|To dream of relating an anecdote, signifies that you will greatly prefer gay companionship to that of intellect, and that your affairs will prove as unstable as yourself. 
I heard anecdotes related.|For a young woman to hear anecdotes related, denotes that she will be one of a merry party of pleasure-seekers. 
I dreamt that friends or relatives was angry with me.|To dreams that friends or relatives are angry with you, while you meet their anger with composure, denotes you will mediate between opposing friends, and gain their lasting favor and gratitude. 
I saw an antelope missed its footing and fall from a height.|For a young woman to see an antelope miss its footing and fall from a height, denotes the love she aspires to will prove her undoing. 
I saw hot iron with sparks flying.|To see hot iron with sparks flying, is significant of a pleasing work; to the farmer, an abundant crop; favorable indeed to women. Cold, or small, favors may be expected from those in power. The means of success is in your power, but in order to obtain it you will have to labor under difficulty.  If the anvil is broken, it foretells that you have, through your own neglect, thrown away promising opportunities that cannot be recalled. 
I saw a small ape cling to a tree.|To see a small ape cling to a tree, warns the dreamer to beware; a false person is close to you and will cause unpleasantness in your circle. Deceit goes with this dream. 
I saw fine apparel.|To see fine apparel, but out of date, foretells that you will have fortune, but you will scorn progressive ideas. 
I rejected out-of-date apparel.|If you reject out-of-date apparel, you will outgrow present environments and enter into new relations, new enterprises and new loves, which will transform you into a different person. 
I saw myself or others appareled in white.|To see yourself or others appareled in white, denotes eventful changes, and you will nearly always find the change bearing sadness. 
I walked with a person wearing white.|To walk with a person wearing white, proclaims that person's illness or distress, unless it be a young woman or child, then you will have pleasing surroundings for a season at least. 
I saw myself.|To see yourself, or others, dressed in black, portends quarrels, disappointments, and disagreeable companions; or, if it refers to business, the business will fall short of expectations. 
I saw yellow apparel.|To see yellow apparel, foretells approaching gaieties and financial progress. Seen as a flitting spectre, in an unnatural light, the reverse may be expected.  You will be fortunate if you dream of yellow cloth. 
I saw green apparel.|To see green apparel, is a hopeful sign of prosperity and happiness. 
I saw many colored apparel.|To see many colored apparel, foretells swift changes, and intermingling of good and bad influences in your future. 
I saw old or young in appropriate apparel.|To see old or young in appropriate apparel, denotes that you will undertake some engagement for which you will have no liking, and which will give rise to many cares. 
I was displeased with my apparel.|For a woman to dream that she is displeased with her apparel, foretells that she will find many vexatious rivalries in her quest for social distinction. 
I admired the apparel of others.|To admire the apparel of others, denotes that she will have jealous fears of her friends. 
I was attired in a guazy black costume.|For a young woman to dream of being attired in a guazy black costume, foretells she will undergo chastening sorrow and disappointment. 
I met another attired in a crimson dress with a crepe mourning veil over my face.|For a young woman to dream that she meets another attired in a crimson dress with a crepe mourning veil over her face, foretells she will be outrivaled by one she hardly considers her equal, and bitter disappointment will sour her against women generally. 
I ate them was not as good.|To eat them is not as good, unless they be faultless. A friend who interprets dreams says:  ``Ripe apples on a tree, denotes that the time has arrived for you to realize your hopes; think over what you intend to do, and go fearlessly ahead. Ripe on the top of the tree, warns you not to aim too high. Apples on the ground imply that false friends, and flatterers are working you harm.  Decayed apples typify hopeless efforts.'' 
I served as an apprentice.|To dream that you serve as an apprentice, foretells you will have a struggle to win a place among your companions 
I saw a fallen arch.|For a young woman to see a fallen arch, denotes the destruction of her hopes, and she will be miserable in her new situation. 
I saw an archbishop.|To dream of seeing an archbishop, foretells you will have many obstacles to resist in your attempt to master fortune or rise to public honor. To see one in the every day dress of a common citizen, denotes you will have aid and encouragement from those in prominent positions and will succeed in your enterprises. 
I saw an architect.|For a young woman to see an architect, foretells she will meet rebuffs in her aspirations and maneuvers to make a favorable marriage. 
I saw an arm amputated.|To dream of seeing an arm amputated, means separation or divorce. Mutual dissatisfaction will occur between husband and wife. It is a dream of sinister import.  Beware of deceitfulness and fraud. 
I saw respectable-looking strangers arrested.|To see respectable-looking strangers arrested, foretells that you desire to make changes, and new speculations will be subordinated by the fear of failure.  If they resist the officers, you will have great delight in pushing to completion the new enterprise. 
I visited an art gallery.|To visit an art gallery, portends unfortunate unions in domestic circles. You will struggle to put forth an appearance of happiness, but will secretly care for other associations. 
I reached the extreme point of ascent.|If you reach the extreme point of ascent, or top of steps, without stumbling, it is good; otherwise, you will have obstacles to overcome before the good of the day is found. 
I visited Asia was assurance of change.|To dream of visiting Asia is assurance of change, but no material benefits from fortune will follow. 
I saw an ass.|To see an ass in a dream, you will meet many annoyances, and delays will accrue in receiving news or goods. 
I saw donkeys carrying burdens.|To see donkeys carrying burdens, denotes that, after patience and toil, you will succeed in your undertakings, whether of travel or love. 
I unwillinglied ride on one.|If you unwillingly ride on one, or, as jockey, unnecessary quarrels may follow. 
I was the one to receive the assassin 's blow.|If you are the one to receive the assassin's blow, you will not surmount all your trials. 
I received the assassin 's blow.|If you are the one to receive the assassin's blow, you will not surmount all your trials. 
I saw another.|To see another, with the assassin standing over him with blood stains, portends that misfortune will come to the dreamer. 
I was looking at an atlas.|To dream you are looking at an atlas, denotes that you will carefully study interests before making changes or journeys. 
I was in an attic.|To dream that you are in an attic, denotes that you are entertaining hopes which will fail of materialization. 
I was sleeping in an attic.|For a young woman to dream that she is sleeping in an attic, foretells that she will fail to find contentment in her present occupation. 
I saw an attorney at the bar.|To see an attorney at the bar, denotes that disputes of a serious nature will arise between parties interested in worldly things. Enemies are stealing upon you with false claims.  If you see an attorney defending you, your friends will assist you in coming trouble, but they will cause you more worry than enemies. 
I was going to be married in August.|For a young woman to dream that she is going to be married in August, is an omen of sorrow in her early wedded life. 
I was married in August.|For a young woman to dream that she is going to be married in August, is an omen of sorrow in her early wedded life. 
I saw augured.|To see augurs in your dreams, is a forecast of labor and toil. 
I saw my aunt.|For a young woman to dream of seeing her aunt, denotes she will receive sharp censure for some action, which will cause her much distress. 
I discussed any subject relating to aura.|To dream of discussing any subject relating to aura, denotes that you will reach states of mental unrest, and work to discover the power which influences you from within. 
I rode in an automobile.|To dream that you ride in an automobile, denotes that you will be restless under pleasant conditions, and will make a change in your affairs. There is grave danger of impolitic conduct intimated through a dream of this nature. 
I found myself escaping from the path of one.|To find yourself escaping from the path of one, signifies that you will do well to avoid some rival as much as you can honestly allow. 
I looked for one.|For a young woman to look for one, she will be disappointed in her aims to entice some one into her favor. 
I saw an author over my work.|To dream of seeing an author over his work, perusing it with anxiety, denotes that you will be worried over some literary work either of your own or that of some other person. 
I was awake.|To dream that you are awake, denotes that you will experience strange happenings which will throw you into gloom. 
I passed through green.|To pass through green, growing fields, and look upon landscape, in your dreams, and feel that it is an awaking experience, signifies that there is some good and brightness in store for you, but there will be disappointments intermingled between the present and that time. 
I saw one.|For a young woman to see one, portends her lover will be worthy, but not possessed with much wealth.  A broken or rusty axe, indicates illness and loss of money and property. 
I cried babies.|To dream of crying babies, is indicative of ill health and disappointments. 
I was a bachelor.|For a man to dream that he is a bachelor, is a warning for him to keep clear of women. 
I saw a nude back.|To dream of seeing a nude back, denotes loss of power. Lending advice or money is dangerous.  Sickness often attends this dream. 
I saw a person turn and walk away from me.|To see a person turn and walk away from you, you may be sure envy and jealousy are working to your hurt. 
I back-bited me.|For your friends to back-bite you, indicates worriment by servants and children. 
I was defeated in the game.|If you are defeated in the game, you will be unfortunate in bestowing your affections, and your affairs will remain in an unsettled condition. 
I cured bacon was bad.|To dream of curing bacon is bad, if not clear of salt and smoke. If clear, it is good. 
I went bail for another.|If you go bail for another, about the same conditions, though hardly as bad. 
I was in a bake house.|For a young woman to dream that she is in a bake house, portends that her character wil{l} be assailed. She should exercise great care in her social affairs. 
I made sad adieus on a balcony.|For lovers to dream of making sad adieus on a balcony, long and perhaps final separation may follow.  Balcony also denotes unpleasant news of absent friends. 
I saw a bald-headed man.|To see a bald-headed man, denotes that sharpers are to make a deal adverse to your interests, but by keeping wide awake, you will outwit them. 
I ascended in a balloon.|To ascend in a balloon, denotes an unfortunate journey. 
I saw negroes with their banjos.|For a young woman to see negroes with their banjos, foretells that she will fail in some anticipated amusement. She will have misunderstandings with her lover. 
I saw vacant tellers.|To see vacant tellers, foretells business losses. Giving out gold money, denotes carelessness; receiving it, great gain and prosperity. 
I saw silver and bank-notes accumulated.|To see silver and bank-notes accumulated, increase of honor and fortune. You will enjoy the highest respect of all classes. 
I ate them.|To eat them, foretells a tiresome venture in business, and self-inflicted duty. 
I saw them decaying.|To see them decaying, you are soon to fall into some disagreeable enterprise. 
I traded in them.|To trade in them, non-productive interests will accumulate around you. 
I saw one 's country 's banner floating in a clear sky.|To see one's country's banner floating in a clear sky, denotes triumph over foreign foes.  To see it battered, is significant of wars and loss of military honors on land and sea. 
I saw inharmonious influences.|To see inharmonious influences, strange and grotesque faces or empty tables, is ominous of grave misunderstandings or disappointments. 
I saw bantam chickens.|To see bantam chickens in your dream, denotes your fortune will be small, yet you will enjoy contentment.  If they appear sickly, or exposed to wintry storms, your interests will be impaired. 
I was an applicant.|To dream that you are an applicant, signifies that you will humiliate your inward self for public favor. 
I saw John the Baptist baptizing Christ in the Jordan.|To dream that you see John the Baptist baptizing Christ in the Jordan, denotes that you will have a desperate mental struggle between yielding yourself to labor in meagre capacity for the sustenance of others, or follow desires which might lead you into wealth and exclusiveness. 
I saw the Holy Ghost descending on Christ.|To see the Holy Ghost descending on Christ, is significant of resignation to duty and abnegation of self. 
I was being baptized with the Holy Ghost and fire.|If you are being baptized with the Holy Ghost and fire, means that you will be thrown into a state of terror over being discovered in some lustful engagement. 
I tended a bar.|To dream of tending a bar, denotes that you will resort to some questionable mode of advancement. 
I wandered in the night barefoot with torn garments.|To wander in the night barefoot with torn garments, denotes that you will be crushed in expectation, and evil influences will surround your every effort. 
I was a barmaid.|For a young woman to dream that she is a barmaid, foretells that she will be attracted to fast men, and that she will prefer irregular pleasures to propriety. 
I saw a barometer.|To see a barometer in a dream, foretells a change will soon take place in your affairs, which will prove profitable to you. If it is broken, you will find displeasing incidents in your business, arising unexpectedly. 
I saw baseball.|To see baseball in your dream, denotes you will be easily contented, and your cheerfulness will make you a popular companion. 
I was playing baseball.|For a young woman to dream that she is playing baseball, means much pleasure for her, but no real profit or comfort. 
I was in a basement.|To dream that you are in a basement, foretells that you will see prosperous opportunities abating, and with them, pleasure will dwindle into trouble and care. 
I saw or carrying a basket.|To dream of seeing or carrying a basket, signifies that you will meet unqualified success, if the basket is full; but empty baskets indicate discontent and sorrow. 
I had a bass voice.|To dream that you have a bass voice, denotes you will detect some discrepancy in your business, brought about by the deceit of some one in your employ. For the lover, this foretells estrangements and quarrels. 
I took a bath.|For a young person to dream of taking a bath, means much solicitude for one of the opposite sex, fearing to lose his good opinion through the influence of others. 
I went in bathing with others.|To go in bathing with others, evil companions should be avoided. Defamation of character is likely to follow.  If the water is muddy, evil, indeed death, and enemies are near you. 
I saw white roses in a bathroom.|To see white roses in a bathroom, and yellow ones in a box, denote that sickness will interfere with pleasure; but more lasting joys will result from this disappointment. 
I was defeated in battle.|If you are defeated in battle, it denotes that bad deals made by others will mar your prospects for good. 
I saw a beacon-light.|For a sailor to see a beacon-light, portends fair seas and a prosperous voyage. 
I ate them.|To dream of eating them, implies the misfortune or illness of a well loved friend. 
I killed a bear.|To kill a bear, portends extrication from former entanglements. 
I saw a beard.|To dream of seeing a beard, denotes that some uncongenial person will oppose his will against yours, and there will be a fierce struggle for mastery, and you are likely to lose some money in the combat. 
I saw beard on women.|To see beard on women, foretells unpleasant associations and lingering illness. 
I pulled my beard.|For some one to pull your beard, denotes that you will run a narrow risk if you do not lose property. 
I admired a beard.|For a young woman to admire a beard, intimates her desire to leave celibacy; but she is threatened with an unfortunate marriage. 
I was beaten by an angry person.|It bodes no good to dream of being beaten by an angry person; family jars and discord are signified. 
I beat a child.|To beat a child, ungenerous advantage is taken by you of another; perhaps the tendency will be to cruelly treat a child. 
I saw beavers.|To dream of seeing beavers, foretells that you will obtain comfortable circumstances by patient striving.  If you dream of killing them for their skins, you will be accused of fraud and improper conduct toward the innocent. 
I was in bed.|To dream of being in bed, if in a strange room, unexpected friends will visit you.  If a sick person dreams of being in bed, new complications will arise, and, perhaps, death. 
I was sleeping on a bed in the open air.|To dream that you are sleeping on a bed in the open air, foretells that you will have delightful experiences, and opportunity for improving your fortune. For you to see negroes passing by your bed, denotes exasperating circumstances arising, which will interfere with your plans. 
I saw a friend looking very pale.|To see a friend looking very pale, lying in bed, signifies strange and woeful complications will oppress your friends, bringing discontent to yourself. 
I saw bedbugs simulating death.|To see bedbugs simulating death, foretells unhappiness caused by illness. To mash them, and water appears instead of blood, denotes alarming but not fatal illness or accident.  To see bedbugs crawling up white walls, and you throw scalding water upon them, denotes grave illness will distress you, but there will be useless fear of fatality. 
I destroyed them.|If the water fails to destroy them, some serious complication with fatal results is not improbable. 
I did not like my bed fellow.|To dream that you do not like your bed fellow, foretells that some person who has claims upon you, will censure and make your surroundings unpleasant generally. 
I had a strange bed fellow.|If you have a strange bed fellow, your discontent will worry all who come near you.  If you think you have any kind of animal in bed with you, there will be unbounded ill luck overhanging you. 
I saw one newly furnished.|To see one newly furnished, a happy change for the dreamer. Journeys to distant places, and pleasant companions. 
I saw.|To see, or eat cooked beef, anguish surpassing human aid is before you. Loss of life by horrible means will occur.  Beef properly served under pleasing surroundings denotes harmonious states in love and business, if otherwise, evil is foreboded, though it may be of a trifling nature. 
I habitueed 's of this beverage.|To habitue's of this beverage, harmonious prospectives are foreshadowed, if pleasing, natural and cleanly conditions survive.  The dream occurrences frequently follow in the actual. 
I saw them on my person.|To dream of seeing them on your person, denotes poverty and small ills. To kill them is good. 
I saw them growing abundantly.|To see them growing abundantly, harvest and peace will obtain in the land; eating them with others, is full of good tidings. 
I saw an old.|To see an old, decrepit beggar, is a sign of bad management, and unless you are economical, you will lose much property. Scandalous reports will prove detrimental to your fame. 
I gave to a beggar.|To give to a beggar, denotes dissatisfaction with present surroundings. 
I was beheaded.|To dream of being beheaded, overwhelming defeat or failure in some undertaking will soon follow. 
I saw others beheaded.|To see others beheaded, if accompanied by a large flow of blood, death and exile are portended. 
I saw one.|To see one, indicates disastrous losses and the early dissolution of a dear relative. 
I saw one.|To see one, strewn with flowers in a church, denotes an unfortunate marriage. 
I saw a bellowed.|To dream of seeing a bellows, distant friends are longing to see you. 
I heard one.|To hear one, occult knowledge will be obtained by the help of powerful means.  One fallen into disuse, portends you have wasted energies under misguiding impulses. 
I heard bells tolling.|To hear bells tolling in your dreams, death of distant friends will occur, and intelligence of wrong will worry you. 
I saw a swollen mortifying belly.|It is bad to dream of seeing a swollen mortifying belly, it indicates desperate sickness. 
I saw anything moving on the belly.|To see anything moving on the belly, prognosticates humiliation and hard labor. 
I saw a healthy belly.|To see a healthy belly, denotes insane desires. 
I had a new style belt.|To dream that you have a new style belt, denotes you are soon to meet and make engagements with a stranger, which will demoralize your prosperity. If it is out of date, you will be meritedly censured for rudeness. 
I saw others doing so.|If you see others doing so, happy reunions between friends who have been separated through misunderstandings are suggested. 
I villified the teachings of the Bible.|To dream that you villify{sic} the teachings of the Bible, forewarns you that you are about to succumb to resisted temptations through the seductive persuasiveness of a friend. 
I committed bigamy.|For a man to commit bigamy, denotes loss of manhood and failing mentality. To a woman, it predicts that she will suffer dishonor unless very discreet. 
I rode a bicycle up hill.|To dream of riding a bicycle up hill, signifies bright prospects. Riding it down hill, if the rider be a woman, calls for care regarding her good name and health; misfortune hovers near. 
I saw a wounded bird.|To see a wounded bird, is fateful of deep sorrow caused by erring offspring. 
I saw flying birds.|To see flying birds, is a sign of prosperity to the dreamer. All disagreeable environments will vanish before the wave of prospective good. 
I caught birds.|To catch birds, is not at all bad.  To hear them speak, is owning one's inability to perform tasks that demand great clearness of perception. 
I killed than with a gun.|To kill than with a gun, is disaster from dearth of harvest. 
I saw an empty bird 's nest.|To see an empty bird's nest, denotes gloom and a dull outlook for business. With eggs in the nest, good results will follow all engagements. If young ones are in the nest, it denotes successful journeys and satisfactory dealings.  If they are lonely and deserted, sorrow, and folly of yours will cause you anxiety. 
I gave birth to a child.|For a married woman to dream of giving birth to a child, great joy and a handsome legacy is foretold. 
I saw a bishop in my dreams.|For one to see a bishop in his dreams, hard work will be his patrimony, with chills and ague as attendant. If you meet the approval of a much admired bishop, you will be successful in your undertakings in love or business. 
I saw writing in white chalk on a blackboard.|To see in your dreams writing in white chalk on a blackboard, denotes ill tidings of some person prostrated with some severe malady, or your financial security will be swayed by the panicky condition of commerce. 
I saw a blacksmith.|To see a blacksmith in a dream, means laborious undertakings will soon work to your advantage. 
I saw children blowing up bladders.|To see children blowing up bladders, foretells your expectations will fail to give you much comfort. 
I was cursing myself.|To dream you are cursing yourself, means evil fortune. To dream you are cursed by others, signifies relief through affection and prosperity. 
I heard young animals bleating.|To hear young animals bleating in your dreams, foretells that you will have new duties and cares, though not necessarily unpleasant ones. 
I was blind.|To dream of being blind, denotes a sudden change from affluence to almost abject poverty. 
I saw others blind.|To see others blind, denotes that some worthy person will call on you for aid. 
I was blindfolded.|For a woman to dream that she is blindfolded, means that disturbing elements are rising around to distress and trouble her. Disappointment will be felt by others through her. 
I was playing at blind man 's buff.|To dream that you are playing at blind man's buff, denotes that you are about to engage in some weak enterprise which will likely humiliate you, besides losing money for you. 
I saw blood flowing from a wound.|To see blood flowing from a wound, physical ailments and worry. Bad business caused from disastrous dealings with foreign combines. 
I saw blood on my hands.|To see blood on your hands, immediate bad luck, if not careful of your person and your own affairs. 
I saw a blood stone.|To dream of seeing a blood stone, denotes that you will be unfortunate in your engagements.  For a young woman to receive one as a gift, denotes she will suffer estrangement from one friend, but will, by this, gain one more worthy of her. 
I saw trees and shrubs in blossom.|To dream of seeing trees and shrubs in blossom, denotes a time of pleasing prosperity is nearing you. 
I defended myself.|If you defend yourself, a rise in business will follow. 
I used blotting paper.|To dream of using blotting paper, signifies you will be deceived into the betrayal of secrets which will seriously involve a friend. 
I saw worn blotting paper.|To see worn blotting paper, denotes continued disagreements in the home or among friends. 
I blushed.|For a young woman to dream of blushing, denotes she will be worried and humiliated by false accusations.  If she sees others blush, she will be given to flippant railery which will make her unpleasing to her friends. 
I heard boasting.|To hear boasting in your dreams, you will sincerely regret an impulsive act, which will cause trouble to your friends. To boast to a competitor, foretells that you will be unjust, and will use dishonest means to overcome competition. 
I saw a boiler out of repair.|To dream of seeing a boiler out of repair, signifies you will suffer from bad management or disappointment. For a woman to dream that she goes into a cellar to see about a boiler foretells that sickness and losses will surround her. 
I saw my bones protruding from the flesh.|To see your bones protruding from the flesh, denotes that treachery is working to ensnare you. 
I saw a pile of bones.|To see a pile of bones, famine and contaminating influences surround you. 
I saw a woman tying my bonnet.|For a man to see a woman tying her bonnet, denotes unforeseen good luck near by.  His friends will be faithful and true. 
I saw children at their books.|To see children at their books, denotes harmony and good conduct of the young. 
I saw a bookcase.|To see a bookcase in your dreams, signifies that you will associate knowledge with your work and pleasure. Empty bookcases, imply that you will be put out because of lack of means or facility for work. 
I visited a book store.|To visit a book store in your dream, foretells you will be filled with literary aspirations, which will interfere with your other works and labors. 
I saw my boots on another.|To see your boots on another, your place will be usurped in the affections of your sweetheart. 
I wore new boots.|To wear new boots, you will be lucky in your dealings. Bread winners will command higher wages. 
I saw it soiled or shrunken.|To see it soiled or shrunken, she will have a great disappointment in love and many rivals will vex her. If it is white and full she is soon to be possessed of fortune. If her lover is slyly observing it through her sheer corsage, she is about to come under the soft persuasive influence of a too ardent wooer. 
I saw a withered bouquet.|To see a withered bouquet, signifies sickness and death. 
I saw full money boxes.|To see full money boxes, augurs cessation from business cares and a pleasant retirement. 
I saw a bracelet encircling my arm.|To see in your dreams a bracelet encircling your arm, the gift of lover or friend, is assurance of an early marriage and a happy union. 
I found one.|To find one, good property will come into her possession. 
I saw my own brain.|To see your own brain in a dream, denotes uncongenial surroundings will irritate and dwarf you into an unpleasant companion. To see the brains of animals, foretells that you will suffer mental trouble. 
I ate them.|If you eat them, you will gain knowledge, and profit unexpectedly. 
I saw a lot of impure bread.|To see a lot of impure bread, want and misery will burden the dreamer. If the bread is good and you have access to it, it is a favorable dream. 
I broke a window.|To break a window, signifies bereavement.  To see a broken ring order will be displaced by furious and dangerous uprisings, such as jealous contentions often cause. 
I was eating alone.|If you are eating alone, it means you will fall into your enemies' trap. If you are eating with others it is good. 
I came close to a person ing with a pure and sweet breath.|To come close to a person in your dreaming with a pure and sweet breath, commendable will be your conduct, and a profitable consummation of business deals will follow. 
I was in a vast brewing establishment.|To dream of being in a vast brewing establishment, means unjust persecution by public officials, but you will eventually prove your innocence and will rise far above your persecutors. 
I saw myself caught among briars.|To see yourself caught among briars, black enemies are weaving cords of calumny and perjury intricately around you and will cause you great distress, but if you succeed in disengaging yourself from the briars, loyal friends will come to your assistance in every emergency. 
I was a bride.|For a young woman to dream that she is a bride, foretells that she will shortly come into an inheritance which will please her exceedingly, if she is pleased in making her bridal toilet. If displeasure is felt she will suffer disappointments in her anticipations. 
I saw a long bridge dilapidated.|To see a long bridge dilapidated, and mysteriously winding into darkness, profound melancholy over the loss of dearest possessions and dismal situations will fall upon you. To the young and those in love, disappointment in the heart's fondest hopes, as the loved one will fall below your ideal. 
I crossed a bridge safely.|To cross a bridge safely, a final surmounting of difficulties, though the means seem hardly safe to use.  Any obstacle or delay denotes disaster. 
I saw a bridge give way before me.|To see a bridge give way before you, beware of treachery and false admirers. Affluence comes with clear waters.  Sorrowful returns of best efforts are experienced after looking upon or coming in contact with muddy or turbid water in dreams. 
I willed be deceived by some wily enemy.|A blind bridle signifies you will be deceived by some wily enemy, or some woman will entangle you in an intrigue. 
I saw bridle bits.|To see bridle bits in your dreams, foretells you will subdue and overcome any obstacle opposing your advancement or happiness. If they break or are broken you will be surprised into making concessions to enemies, 
I saw fires of brimstone.|To see fires of brimstone, denotes you will be threatened with loss by contagion in your vicinity. 
I was affected with bronchitis.|To dream that you are affected with bronchitis, foretells you will be detained from pursuing your views and plans by unfortunate complications of sickness in your home. 
I suffered with bronchitis.|To suffer with bronchitis in a dream, denotes that discouraging prospects of winning desired objects will soon loom up before you. 
I saw a fowl with my brood.|To see a fowl with her brood, denotes that, if you are a woman, your cares will be varied and irksome.  Many children will be in your care, and some of them will prove wayward and unruly. 
I made broth.|To make broth, you will rule your own and others' fate. 
I was in a brothel.|To dream of being in a brothel, denotes you will encounter disgrace through your material indulgence. 
I saw my brothers.|To see your brothers, while dreaming, full of energy, you will have cause to rejoice at your own, or their good fortune; but if they are poor and in distress, or begging for assistance, you will be called to a deathbed soon, or some dire loss will overwhelm you or them. 
I used a hair-brush.|To dream of using a hair-brush, denotes you will suffer misfortune from your mismanagement.  To see old hair brushes, denotes sickness and ill health.  To see clothes brushes, indicates a heavy task is pending over you. 
I was busy brushing my clothes.|If you are busy brushing your clothes, you will soon receive reimbursement for laborious work.  To see miscellaneous brushes, foretells a varied line of work, yet withal, rather pleasing and remunerative. 
I heard joyous blasts from a bugle.|To hear joyous blasts from a bugle, prepare for some unusual happiness, as a harmony of good things for you is being formed by unseen powers. 
I saw large and magnificent buildings.|To see large and magnificent buildings, with green lawns stretching out before them, is significant of a long life of plenty, and travels and explorations into distant countries. 
I saw one pursuing me.|To see one pursuing you, business trouble, through envious and jealous competitors, will harass you. 
I saw a bull goring a person.|To see a bull goring a person, misfortune from unwisely using another's possessions will overtake you. 
I entered strange premises and had a bulldog attack me.|To dream of entering strange premises and have a bulldog attack you, you will be in danger of transgressing the laws of your country by using perjury to obtain your desires. 
I carried a heavy burden.|To dream that you carry a heavy burden, signifies that you will be tied down by oppressive weights of care and injustice, caused from favoritism shown your enemies by those in power. But to struggle free from it, you will climb to the topmost heights of success. 
I attended the burial of a relative.|To attend the burial of a relative, if the sun is shining on the procession, is a sign of the good health of relations, and perhaps the happy marriage of some one of them is about to occur. But if rain and dismal weather prevails, sickness and bad news of the absent will soon come, and depressions in business circles will be felt 
I saw them slaughtering cattle and much blood.|To see them slaughtering cattle and much blood, you may expect long and fatal sickness in your family.  To see a butcher cutting meat, your character will be dissected by society to your detriment. Beware of writing letters or documents. 
I ate fresh.|To dream of eating fresh, golden butter, is a sign of good health and plans well carried out; it will bring unto you possessions, wealth and knowledge. 
I ate rancid butter.|To eat rancid butter, denotes a competency acquired through struggles of manual labor. 
I sold butter.|To sell butter, denotes small gain. 
I saw a butterfly among flowers and green grasses.|To see a butterfly among flowers and green grasses, indicates prosperity and fair attainments. 
I saw them flying about.|To see them flying about, denotes news from absent friends by letter, or from some one who has seen them.  To a young woman, a happy love, culminating in a life union. 
I gave it away.|To give it away, or feed it to pigs, is bad still. 
I was drinking buttermilk made into oyster soup.|To dream that you are drinking buttermilk made into oyster soup, denotes that you will be called on to do some very repulsive thing, and ill luck will confront you. There are quarrels brewing and friendships threatened. If you awaken while you are drinking it, by discreet maneuvering you may effect a pleasant understanding of disagreements. 
I heard a buzzard talking.|To dream that you hear a buzzard talking, foretells that some old scandal will arise and work you injury by your connection with it. 
I saw one sitting on a railroad.|To see one sitting on a railroad, denotes some accident or loss is about to descend upon you.  To see them fly away as you approach, foretells that you will be able to smooth over some scandalous disagreement among your friends, or even appertaining to yourself. 
I saw buzzards.|To see buzzards in a dream, portends generally salacious gossip or that unusual scandal will disturb you. 
I rode in a cab.|To ride in a cab in dreams, is significant of pleasant avocations, and average prosperity you will enjoy. 
I rode in a cab at night.|To ride in a cab at night, with others, indicates that you will have a secret that you will endeavor to keep from your friends. 
I rode in a cab with a woman.|To ride in a cab with a woman, scandal will couple your name with others of bad repute. 
I drove a public cab.|To dream of driving a public cab, denotes manual labor, with little chance of advancement. 
I received cablegrams.|To dream of receiving cablegrams, denotes that a message of importance will reach you soon, and will cause disagreeable comments. 
I heard the cackling of hens denoted a sudden shock produced by the news of an unexpected death in my neighborhood.|To hear the cackling of hens denotes a sudden shock produced by the news of an unexpected death in your neighborhood, Sickness will cause poverty. 
I saw a cageful of birds.|In your dreaming if you see a cageful of birds, you will be the happy possessor of immense wealth and many beautiful and charming children. To see only one bird, you will contract a desirable and wealthy marriage. No bird indicates a member of the family lost, either by elopement or death. 
I saw wild animals caged.|To see wild animals caged, denotes that you will triumph over your enemies and misfortunes.  If you are in the cage with them, it denotes harrowing scenes from accidents while traveling. 
I heard my name called by strange voices.|To hear your name called in a dream by strange voices, denotes that your business will fall into a precarious state, and that strangers may lend you assistance, or you may fail to meet your obligations. 
I heard the voice of a friend or relative.|To hear the voice of a friend or relative, denotes the desperate illness of some one of them, and may be death; in the latter case you may be called upon to stand as guardian over some one, in governing whom you should use much discretion. 
I kept a calendar.|To dream of keeping a calendar, indicates that you will be very orderly and systematic in habits throughout the year. 
I saw a calendar.|To see a calendar, denotes disappointment in your calculations. 
I saw calm seas.|To see calm seas, denotes successful ending of doubtful undertaking. 
I felt calm and happy.|To feel calm and happy, is a sign of a long and well-spent life and a vigorous old age. 
I was the subject of calumny.|To dream that you are the subject of calumny, denotes that your interests will suffer at the hands of evil-minded gossips. For a young woman, it warns her to be careful of her conduct, as her movements are being critically observed by persons who claim to be her friends. 
I saw this beast of burden.|To see this beast of burden, signifies that you will entertain great patience and fortitude in time of almost unbearable anguish and failures that will seemingly sweep every vestige of hope from you. 
I owned a camel.|To own a camel, is a sign that you will possess rich mining property. 
I saw a herd of camels on the desert.|To see a herd of camels on the desert, denotes assistance when all human aid seems at a low ebb, and of sickness from which you will arise, contrary to all expectations. 
I saw a camping settlement.|To see a camping settlement, many of your companions will remove to new estates and your own prospects will appear gloomy. 
I was in a camp.|For a young woman to dream that she is in a camp, denotes that her lover will have trouble in getting her to name a day for their wedding, and that he will prove a kind husband. If in a military camp she will marry the first time she has a chance. 
I made a political one.|To dream of making a political one, signifies your opposition to approved ways of conducting business, and you will set up original plans for yourself regardless of enemies' working against you. Those in power will lose. 
I was interested in a campaign against fallen women.|For a woman to dream that she is interested in a campaign against fallen women, denotes that she will surmount obstacles and prove courageous in time of need. 
I saw cane growing.|To see cane growing in your dream, foretells favorable advancement will be made toward fortune.  To see it cut, denotes absolute failure in all undertakings. 
I had one successfully treated.|To have one successfully treated in a dream, denotes a sudden rise from obscure poverty to wealthy surroundings. 
I saw the water of a canal muddy and stagnant-looking.|To see the water of a canal muddy and stagnant-looking, portends sickness and disorders of the stomach and dark designs of enemies. But if its waters are clear a placid life and the devotion of friends is before you. 
I glided in a canoe across a canal.|For a young woman to glide in a canoe across a canal, denotes a chaste life and an adoring husband.  If she crossed the canal on a bridge over clear water and gathers ferns and other greens on the banks, she will enjoy a life of ceaseless rounds of pleasure and attain to high social distinction. But if the water be turbid she will often find herself tangled in meshes of perplexity and will be the victim of nervous troubles. 
I saw them burning with a clear and steady flame.|To see them burning with a clear and steady flame, denotes the constancy of those about you and a well-grounded fortune. 
I was molding candles.|For a maiden to dream that she is molding candles, denotes that she will have an unexpected offer of marriage and a pleasant visit to distant relatives. If she is lighting a candle, she will meet her lover clandestinely because of parental objections. 
I saw a candle wasting in a draught.|To see a candle wasting in a draught, enemies are circulating detrimental reports about you. 
I snuffed a candle.|To snuff a candle, portends sorowful{sic} news.  Friends are dead or in distressful straits. 
I saw a candlestick bearing a whole candle.|To see a candlestick bearing a whole candle, denotes that a bright future lies before you filled with health, happiness and loving companions. If empty, the reverse. 
I saw canker on anything.|To dream of seeing canker on anything, is an omen of evil. It foretells death and treacherous companions for the young. Sorrow and loneliness to the aged. 
I heard or see cannons.|For a young woman to hear or see cannons, denotes she will be a soldier's wife and will have to bid him godspeed as he marches in defense of her and honor. 
I interpreted dreams of this character by the influences surrounding me.|The reader will have to interpret dreams of this character by the influences surrounding him, and by the experiences stored away in his subjective mind.  If you have thought about cannons a great deal and you dream of them when there is no war, they are most likely to warn you against struggle and probable defeat. Or if business is manipulated by yourself successful engagements after much worry and ill luck may ensue. 
I made candy.|To dream of making candy, denotes profit accruing from industry. 
I ate crisp.|To dream of eating crisp, new candy, implies social pleasures and much love-making among the young and old. Sour candy is a sign of illness or that disgusting annoyances will grow out of confidences too long kept. 
I received a box of bonbons.|To receive a box of bonbons, signifies to a young person that he or she will be the recipient of much adulation. It generally means prosperity.  If you send a box you will make a proposition, but will meet with disappointment. 
I saw a cap.|For a woman to dream of seeing a cap, she will be invited to take part in some festivity. 
I saw my sweetheart with a cap on.|For a girl to dream that she sees her sweetheart with a cap on, denotes that she will be bashful and shy in his presence. 
I saw a prisoner 's cap.|To see a prisoner's cap, denotes that your courage is failing you in time of danger. 
I saw a miner 's cap.|To see a miner's cap, you will inherit a substantial competency. 
I was a captive.|To dream that you are a captive, denotes that you may have treachery to deal with, and if you cannot escape, that injury and misfortune will befall you. 
I took any one captive.|To dream of taking any one captive, you will join yourself to pursuits and persons of lowest status. 
I was a captive.|For a young woman to dream that she is a captive, denotes that she will have a husband who will be jealous of her confidence in others; or she may be censured for her indiscretion. 
I saw a captain of any company.|To dream of seeing a captain of any company, denotes your noblest aspirations will be realized.  If a woman dreams that her lover is a captain, she will be much harassed in mind from jealousy and rivalry. 
I saw cars.|To dream of seeing cars, denotes journeying and changing in quick succession. To get on one shows that travel which you held in contemplation will be made under different auspices than had been calculated upon. 
I missed one.|To miss one, foretells that you will be foiled in an attempt to forward your prospects. 
I got off of one.|To get off of one, denotes that you will succeed with some interesting schemes which will fill you with self congratulations. 
I saw street-cars.|To see street-cars in your dreams, denotes that some person is actively interested in causing you malicious trouble and disquiet. 
I rode on a car.|To ride on a car, foretells that rivalry and jealousy will enthrall your happiness. 
I stood on the platform of a street-car while it was running.|To stand on the platform of a street-car while it is running, denotes you will attempt to carry on an affair which will be extremely dangerous, but if you ride without accident you will be successful. 
I was participating in a carnival.|To dream that you are participating in a carnival, portends that you are soon to enjoy some unusual pleasure or recreation.  A carnival when masks are used, or when incongruous or clownish figures are seen, implies discord in the home; business will be unsatisfactory and love unrequited. 
I rode in a cart.|To dream of riding in a cart, ill luck and constant work will employ your time if you would keep supplies for your family. 
I saw a cart.|To see a cart, denotes bad news from kindred or friends. 
I drove a cart.|To dream of driving a cart, you will meet with merited success in business and other aspirations. 
I rode together in a cart.|For lovers to ride together in a cart, they will be true in spite of the machinations of rivals. 
I carved a fowl.|To dream of carving a fowl, indicates you will be poorly off in a worldly way.  Companions will cause you vexation from continued ill temper. 
I saw a carpet.|To see a carpet in a dream, denotes profit, and wealthy friends to aid you in need. 
I walked on a carpet.|To walk on a carpet, you will be prosperous and happy. 
I bought carpets.|To dream that you buy carpets, denotes great gain. If selling them, you will have cause to go on a pleasant journey, as well as a profitable one. 
I saw carpenters at their labor.|To see carpenters at their labor, foretells you will engage in honest endeavors to raise your fortune, to the exclusion of selfish pastime or so-called recreation. 
I saw a carriage.|To see a carriage, implies that you will be gratified, and that you will make visits. 
I rode in one.|To ride in one, you will have a sickness that will soon pass, and you will enjoy health and advantageous positions. 
I was looking for a carriage.|To dream that you are looking for a carriage, you will have to labor hard, but will eventually be possessed with a fair competency. 
I saw one filled.|To see one filled, denotes prosperous times and feastings. If empty, your life will be void of any joy or consolation from outward influences. 
I had plenty of cash.|To dream that you have plenty of cash, but that it has been borrowed, portends that you will be looked upon as a worthy man, but that those who come in close contact with you will find that you are mercenary and unfeeling. 
I was spending borrowed money.|For a young woman to dream that she is spending borrowed money, foretells that she will be found out in her practice of deceit, and through this lose a prized friend. 
I saw a cashier.|To see a cashier in your dream, denotes that others will claim your possessions.  If you owe any one, you will practice deceit in your designs upon some wealthy person. 
I was in a castle.|To dream of being in a castle, you will be possessed of sufficient wealth to make life as you wish.  You have prospects of being a great traveler, enjoying contact with people of many nations. 
I saw an old and vine-covered castle.|To see an old and vine-covered castle, you are likely to become romantic in your tastes, and care should be taken that you do not contract an undesirable marriage or engagement. Business is depressed after this dream. 
I was leaving a castle.|To dream that you are leaving a castle, you will be robbed of your possessions, or lose your lover or some dear one by death. 
I met a thin.|If you meet a thin, mean and dirty-looking cat, you will have bad news from the absent.  Some friend lies at death's door; but if you chase it out of sight, your friend will recover after a long and lingering sickness. 
I heard the scream or the mewing of a cat.|To hear the scream or the mewing of a cat, some false friend is using all the words and work at his command to do you harm. 
I saw a caterpillar.|To see a caterpillar in a dream, denotes that low and hypocritical people are in your immediate future, and you will do well to keep clear of deceitful appearances. You may suffer a loss in love or business. 
I saw good-looking and fat cattle contentedly grazing in green pastures.|To dream of seeing good-looking and fat cattle contentedly grazing in green pastures, denotes prosperity and happiness through a congenial and pleasant companion. 
I saw cattle lean and shaggy.|To see cattle lean and shaggy, and poorly fed, you will be likely to toil all your life because of misspent energy and dislike of details of work. Correct your habits after this dream. 
I saw cattle stampeding.|To see cattle stampeding, means that you will have to exert all the powers of command you have to keep your career in a profitable channel. 
I saw a herd of cows at milking time.|To see a herd of cows at milking time, you will be the successful owner of wealth that many have worked to obtain. To a young woman this means that her affections will not suffer from the one of her choice. 
I milked cows with udders well filled.|To dream of milking cows with udders well filled, great good fortune is in store for you.  If the calf has stolen the milk, it signifies that you are about to lose your lover by slowness to show your reciprocity, or your property from neglect of business. 
I saw young calves.|To see young calves in your dream, you will become a great favorite in society and win the heart of a loyal person. For business, this dream indicates profit from sales. For a lover, the entering into bonds that will be respected. If the calves are poor, look for about the same, except that the object sought will be much harder to obtain. 
I saw this vegetable in a garden.|For a young woman to see this vegetable in a garden, denotes that she will marry to please her parents and not herself. 
I saw a division of cavalry.|To dream that you see a division of cavalry, denotes personal advancement and distinction.  Some little sensation may accompany your elevation. 
I saw a cavern yawning in the weird moonlight before me.|To dream of seeing a cavern yawning in the weird moonlight before you, many perplexities will assail you, and doubtful advancement because of adversaries.  Work and health is threatened. 
I walked in a cave with my lover or friend.|For a young woman to walk in a cave with her lover or friend, denotes she will fall in love with a villain and will suffer the loss of true friends. 
I saw them green and shapely.|To dream of seeing them green and shapely, denotes pleasing success in an undertaking. 
I saw them dead or blighted.|To see them dead or blighted, signifies despair. No object will be attained from seeing them thus. 
I saw fresh.|To dream of seeing fresh, crisp stalks of celery, you will be prosperous and influential beyond your highest hopes. 
I saw it decaying.|To see it decaying, a death in your family will soon occur. 
I ate it.|To eat it, boundless love and affection will be heaped upon you. 
I ate it with my lover.|For a young woman to eat it with her lover, denotes she will come into rich possessions. 
I was in a cold.|To dream of being in a cold, damp cellar, you will be oppressed by doubts. You will lose confidence in all things and suffer gloomy forebodings from which you will fail to escape unless you control your will. It also indicates loss of property. 
I saw a cellar stored with wines and table stores.|To see a cellar stored with wines and table stores, you will be offered a share in profits coming from a doubtful source. If a young woman dreams of this she will have an offer of marriage from a speculator or gambler. 
I was in a beautiful and well-kept cemetery.|To dream of being in a beautiful and well-kept cemetery, you will have unexpected news of the recovery of one whom you had mourned as dead, and you will have your title good to lands occupied by usurpers. 
I saw an old bramble grown and forgotten cemetery.|To see an old bramble grown and forgotten cemetery, you will live to see all your loved ones leave you, and you will be left to a stranger's care. 
I wandered through the silent avenues of the dead foreshows they will meet with tender and loving responses from friends.|For young people to dream of wandering through the silent avenues of the dead foreshows they will meet with tender and loving responses from friends, but will have to meet sorrows that friends are powerless to avert. 
I carried fresh flowers to a cemetery.|For a mother to carry fresh flowers to a cemetery, indicates she may expect the continued good health of her family. 
I saw little children gathering flowers and chasing butterflies among the graves.|To see little children gathering flowers and chasing butterflies among the graves, denotes prosperous changes and no graves of any of your friends to weep over.  Good health will hold high carnival. 
I saw chaff.|To see chaff, denotes an empty and fruitless undertaking and ill health causing much anxiety. 
I was bound in chains.|To dream of being bound in chains, denotes that unjust burdens are about to be thrown upon your shoulders; but if you succeed in breaking them you will free yourself from some unpleasant business or social engagement. 
I saw chains.|To see chains, brings calumny and treacherous designs of the envious. 
I saw a chair.|To see a chair in your dream, denotes failure to meet some obligation. If you are not careful you will also vacate your most profitable places. 
I saw a friend sitting on a chair and remaining motionless.|To see a friend sitting on a chair and remaining motionless, signifies news of his death or illness. 
I saw a chair maker.|To dream of seeing a chair maker, denotes that worry from apparently pleasant labor will confront you. 
I saw the chairman of any public body.|To dream that you see the chairman of any public body, foretells you will seek elevation and be recompensed by receiving a high position of trust. To see one looking out of humor you are threatened with unsatisfactory states. 
I was a chairman.|If you are a chairman, you will be distinguished for your justice and kindness to others. 
I chalked my face.|For a woman to dream of chalking her face, denotes that she will scheme to obtain admirers. 
I used chalk on a board.|To dream of using chalk on a board, you will attain public honors, unless it is the blackboard; then it indicates ill luck. 
I held hands full of chalk.|To hold hands full of chalk, disappointment is foretold. 
I was challenged to fight a duel.|If you are challenged to fight a duel, you will become involved in a social difficulty wherein you will be compelled to make apologies or else lose friendships. 
I fought a duel.|If you are challenged to fight a duel, you will become involved in a social difficulty wherein you will be compelled to make apologies or else lose friendships. 
I accepted a challenge of any character.|To accept a challenge of any character, denotes that you will bear many ills yourself in your endeavor to shield others from dishonor. 
I found myself in a beautiful and richly furnished chamber implied sudden fortune.|To find yourself in a beautiful and richly furnished chamber implies sudden fortune, either through legacies from unknown relatives or through speculation.  For a young woman, it denotes that a wealthy stranger will offer her marriage and a fine establishment. If the chamber is plainly furnished, it denotes that a small competency and frugality will be her portion. 
I saw a chambermaid.|To see a chambermaid, denotes bad fortune and decided changes will be made. 
I made love to a chambermaid.|For a man to dream of making love to a chambermaid, shows he is likely to find himself an object of derision on account of indiscreet conduct and want of tact. 
I saw my swetheart wearing a chameleon chained to me.|To dream of seeing your swetheart{sic} wearing a chameleon chained to her, shows she will prove faithless to you if by changing she can better her fortune.  Ordinarily chameleons signify deceit and self advancement, even though others suffer. 
I saw a broken or ill-kept one.|To see a broken or ill-kept one, denotes that unfortunate speculation will depress your seemingly substantial fortune. To see the light in one go out, foretells that sickness and distress will cloud a promising future. 
I was in a chapel.|To be in a chapel, denotes disappointment and change of business. 
I entered a chapel.|For young people to dream of entering a chapel, implies false loves and enemies.  Unlucky unions may entangle them. 
I gave charity.|To dream of giving charity, denotes that you will be harassed with supplications for help from the poor and your business will be at standstill. 
I gave to charitable institutions.|To dream of giving to charitable institutions, your right of possession to paving property will be disputed. Worries and ill health will threaten you. 
I gave charity.|For young persons to dream of giving charity, foreshows they will be annoyed by deceitful rivals.  To dream that you are an object of charity, omens that you will succeed in life after hard times with misfortunes. 
I rode in a chariot.|To dream of riding in a chariot, foretells that favorable opportunities will present themselves resulting in your good if rightly used by you. 
I fell or saw others fell from one.|To fall or see others fall from one, denotes displacement from high positions. 
I was chastised.|To dream of being chastised, denotes that you have not been prudent in conducting your affairs. 
I administered chastisement to another.|To dream that you administer chastisement to another, signifies that you will have an ill-tempered partner either in business or marriage. 
I chastised their children.|For parents to dream of chastising their children, indicates they will be loose in their manner of correcting them, but they will succeed in bringing them up honorably. 
I was cheated in business.|To dream of being cheated in business, you will meet designing people who will seek to close your avenues to fortune. 
I palmed off false checks on my friends.|To dream of palming off false checks on your friends, denotes that you will resort to subterfuge in order to carry forward your plans. 
I payed out checks.|To dream that you pay out checks, denotes depression and loss in business. 
I played checkers.|To dream of playing checkers, you will be involved in difficulties of a serious character, and strange people will come into your life, working you harm. 
I won the game.|To dream that you win the game, you will succeed in some doubtful enterprise. 
I ate cheese.|To dream of eating cheese, denotes great disappointments and sorrow. No good of any nature can be hoped for.  Cheese is generally a bad dream. 
I saw cherubs.|To dream you see cherubs, foretells you will have some distinct joy, which will leave an impression of lasting good upon your life. 
I saw them looking sorrowful or reproachful.|To see them looking sorrowful or reproachful, foretells that distress will come unexpectedly upon you. 
I played chess.|To dream of playing chess, denotes stagnation of business, dull companions, and poor health. 
I lost at chess.|To dream that you lose at chess, worries from mean sources will ensue; but if you win, disagreeable influences may be surmounted. 
I saw a brood of chickens.|To dream of seeing a brood of chickens, denotes worry from many cares, some of which of which will prove to your profit. 
I saw chickens going to roost.|To see chickens going to roost, enemies are planning to work you evil. 
I roosted.|To see chickens going to roost, enemies are planning to work you evil. 
I ate them.|To eat them, denotes that selfishness will detract from your otherwise good name.  Business and love will remain in precarious states. 
I saw or search through a chiffonier.|To see or search through a chiffonier, denotes you will have disappointing anticipations.  To see one in order, indicates pleasant friends and entertainments. 
I gave child birth.|To dream of giving child birth, denotes fortunate circumstances and safe delivery of a handsome child. 
I was in childbed.|For an unmarried woman to dream of being in childbed, denotes unhappy changes from honor to evil and low estates. 
I saw my child sick from slight cause.|For a mother to dream of seeing her child sick from slight cause, she may see it enjoying robust health, but trifles of another nature may harass her. 
I saw children working or studying.|To see children working or studying, denotes peaceful times and general prosperity. 
I saw my child desperately ill or dead.|To dream of seeing your child desperately ill or dead, you have much to fear, for its welfare is sadly threatened. 
I saw disappointed children.|To dream of seeing disappointed children, denotes trouble from enemies, and anxious forebodings from underhanded work of seemingly friendly people. 
I saw chimneys.|To dream of seeing chimneys, denotes a very displeasing incident will occur in your life.  Hasty intelligence of sickness will be borne you. A tumble down chimney, denotes sorrow and likely death in your family. To see one overgrown with ivy or other vines, foretells that happiness will result from sorrow or loss of relatives. 
I saw a fire burning in a chimney.|To see a fire burning in a chimney, denotes much good is approaching you. To hide in a chimney corner, denotes distress and doubt will assail you. Business will appear gloomy. 
I was going down a chimney.|For a young woman to dream that she is going down a chimney, foretells she will be guilty of some impropriety which will cause consternation among her associates.  To ascend a chimney, shows that she will escape trouble which will be planned for her. 
I was attacked by it.|To dream that you are attacked by it, denotes your own sickness. 
I beheld Christ.|To dream of beholding Christ, the young child, worshiped by the wise men, denotes many peaceful days, full of wealth and knowledge, abundant with joy, and content. 
I saw me in the temple scourging the traders.|To see him in the temple scourging the traders, denotes that evil enemies will be defeated and honest endeavors will prevail. 
I gathered white chrysanthemums.|To dream that you gather white chrysanthemums, signifies loss and much perplexity; colored ones, betokens pleasant engagements. 
I saw them in bouquets.|To see them in bouquets, denotes that love will be offered you, but a foolish ambition will cause you to put it aside.  To pass down an avenue of white chrysanthemums, with here and there a yellow one showing among the white, foretells a strange sense of loss and sadness, from which the sensibilities will expand and take on new powers. While looking on these white flowers as you pass, and you suddenly feel your spirit leave your body and a voice shouts aloud ``Glory to God, my Creator,'' foretells that a crisis is pending in your near future. If some of your friends pass out, and others take up true ideas in connection with spiritual and earthly needs, you will enjoy life in its deepest meaning. Often death is near you in these dreams. 
I saw a church in the distance.|To dream of seeing a church in the distance, denotes disappointment in pleasures long anticipated. 
I entered one wrapt in gloom.|To enter one wrapt in gloom, you will participate in a funeral. Dull prospects of better times are portended. 
I was in a churchyard meant they will never marry each other.|For lovers to dream of being in a churchyard means they will never marry each other, but will see others fill their places. 
I churned.|To dream of churning, you will have difficult tasks set you, but by diligence and industry you will accomplish them and be very prosperous. To the farmer, it denotes profit from a plenteous harvest; to a young woman, it denotes a thrifty and energetic husband. 
I read cipher.|To dream of reading cipher, indicates that you are interested in literary researches, and by constant study you will become well acquainted with the habits and lives of the ancients. 
I saw an empty one.|To see an empty one, foretells despairing change from happiness to sorrow. 
I was in a strange city.|To dream that you are in a strange city, denotes you will have sorrowful occasion to change your abode or mode of living. 
I ate baked clams with my sweetheart.|For a young woman to dream of eating baked clams with her sweetheart, foretells that she will enjoy his money as well as his confidence. 
I drank claret.|To dream of drinking claret, denotes you will come under the influence of ennobling association.  To dream of seeing broken bottles of claret, portends you will be induced to commit immoralities by the false persuasions of deceitful persons. 
I was a clairvoyant and seeing myself in the future.|To dream of being a clairvoyant and seeing yourself in the future, denotes signal changes in your present occupation, followed by a series of unhappy conflicts with designing people. 
I visited a clairvoyant.|To dream of visiting a clairvoyant, foretells unprosperous commercial states and unhappy unions. 
I sent for a clergyman to preach a funeral sermon.|To dream that you send for a clergyman to preach a funeral sermon, denotes that you will vainly strive against sickness and to ward off evil influences, but they will prevail in spite of your earnest endeavors. 
I preached a funeral sermon.|To dream that you send for a clergyman to preach a funeral sermon, denotes that you will vainly strive against sickness and to ward off evil influences, but they will prevail in spite of your earnest endeavors. 
I climbed up a hill or mountain and reaching the top.|To dream of climbing up a hill or mountain and reaching the top, you will overcome the most formidable obstacles between you and a prosperous future; but if you should fail to reach the top, your dearest plans will suffer being wrecked. 
I climbed a ladder to the last rung.|To climb a ladder to the last rung, you will succeed in business; but if the ladder breaks, you will be plunged into unexpected straits, and accidents may happen to you. 
I saw myself climbing the side of a house in some mysterious way.|To see yourself climbing the side of a house in some mysterious way in a dream, and to have a window suddenly open to let you in, foretells that you will make or have made extraordinary ventures against the approbation of friends, but success will eventually crown your efforts, though there will be times when despair will almost enshroud you. 
I saw a clock.|To dream that you see a clock, denotes danger from a foe. To hear one strike, you will receive unpleasant news. The death of some friend is implied. 
I saw clothes soiled and torn.|To dream of seeing clothes soiled and torn, denotes that deceit will be practised to your harm.  Beware of friendly dealings with strangers. 
I had plenty.|To dream that you have plenty, or an assortment of clothes, is a doubtful omen; you may want the necessaries of life. To a young person, this dream denotes unsatisfied hopes and disappointments. 
I saw dark heavy clouds.|To dream of seeing dark heavy clouds, portends misfortune and bad management. If rain is falling, it denotes troubles and sickness. 
I saw bright transparent clouds with the sun shining through them.|To see bright transparent clouds with the sun shining through them, you will be successful after trouble has been your companion. 
I saw them with the stars shining.|To see them with the stars shining, denotes fleeting joys and small advancements. 
I was approached by a person bearing a club.|To dream of being approached by a person bearing a club, denotes that you will be assailed by your adversaries, but you will overcome them and be unusually happy and prosperous; but if you club any one, you will undergo a rough and profitless journey. 
I rode in a coach.|To dream of riding in a coach, denotes continued losses and depressions in business.  Driving one implies removal or business changes. 
I saw bright coals of fire.|To see bright coals of fire, denotes pleasure and many pleasant changes. To dream you handle them yourself, denotes unmitigated joy. To see dead coals implies trouble and disappointments. 
I wore another 's coat.|To dream of wearing another's coat, signifies that you will ask some friend to go security for you.  To see your coat torn, denotes the loss of a close friend and dreary business. 
I saw a new coat.|To see a new coat, portends for you some literary honor. 
I lost my coat.|To lose your coat, you will have to rebuild your fortune lost through being over-confident in speculations. 
I saw my coat-of-arms.|To dream of seeing your coat-of-arms, is a dream of ill luck. You will never possess a title. 
I heard a cock crowing in the morning.|To dream of hearing a cock crowing in the morning, is significant of good. If you be single, it denotes an early marriage and a luxurious home. 
I heard one at night was despair.|To hear one at night is despair, and cause for tears you will have. 
I saw cocks fight.|To dream of seeing cocks fight, you will leave your family because of quarrels and infidelity.  This dream usually announces some unexpected and sorrowful events.  The cock warned the Apostle Peter when he was about to perjure himself. It may also warn you in a dream when the meshes of the world are swaying you from ``the straight line'' of spiritual wisdom. 
I drank a cocktail.|To drink a cocktail while dreaming, denotes that you will deceive your friends as to your inclinations and enjoy the companionship of fast men and women while posing as a serious student and staid home lover. For a woman, this dream portends fast living and an ignoring of moral and set rules. 
I saw my own coffin.|To see your own coffin in a dream, business defeat and domestic sorrow may be expected. 
I saw my corpse in a coffin.|To see your corpse in a coffin, signifies brave efforts will be crushed in defeat and ignominy, 
I found myself sitting on a coffin in a moving hearse.|To dream that you find yourself sitting on a coffin in a moving hearse, denotes desperate if not fatal illness for you or some person closely allied to you. 
I drank coffee.|To dream of drinking coffee, denotes the disapproval of friends toward your marriage intentions.  If married, disagreements and frequent quarrels are implied. 
I dealt in coffee.|To dream of dealing in coffee, portends business failures. If selling, sure loss.  Buying it, you may with ease retain your credit. 
I saw ground coffee.|To see ground coffee, foretells successful struggles with adversity. Parched coffee, warns you of the evil attentions of strangers. 
I saw a coffee mill.|To see a coffee mill in your dreams, denotes you are approaching a critical danger, and all your energy and alertness will have to stand up with obduracy to avert its disastrous consequences. To hear it grinding, signifies you will hardly overthrow some evil pitted against your interest. 
I saw or visit a coffee house.|To see or visit a coffee house in your dreams, foretells that you will unwisely entertain friendly relations with persons known to be your enemies. Designing women may intrigue against your morality and possessions. 
I saw coke ovens burning.|To see coke ovens burning, foretells some unexpected good fortune will result from failure in some enterprise. 
I saw or being commanded by a colonel.|To dream of seeing or being commanded by a colonel, denotes you will fail to reach any prominence in social or business circles. 
I was a colonel.|If you are a colonel, it denotes you will contrive to hold position above those of friends or acquaintances. 
I wore a collar.|To dream of wearing a collar, you will have high honors thrust upon you that you will hardly be worthy of.  For a woman to dream of collars, she will have many admirers, but no sincere ones, She will be likely to remain single for a long while. 
I was in a coal-mine or colliery and seeing miners.|To dream of being in a coal-mine or colliery and seeing miners, denotes that some evil will assert its power for your downfall; but if you dream of holding a share in a coal-mine, it denotes your safe investment in some deal. 
I saw a collision.|For a young woman to see a collision, denotes she will be unable to decide between lovers, and will be the cause of wrangles. 
I engaged in combat.|To dream of engaging in combat, you will find yourself seeking to ingratiate your affections into the life and love of some one whom you know to be another's, and you will run great risks of losing your good reputation in business. It denotes struggles to keep on firm ground. 
I saw combatants.|For a young woman to dream of seeing combatants, signifies that she will have choice between lovers, both of whom love her and would face death for her. 
I combed one 's hair.|To dream of combing one's hair, denotes the illness or death of a friend or relative.  Decay of friendship and loss of property is also indicated by this dream{.} 
I was at a light play.|To dream of being at a light play, denotes that foolish and short-lived pleasures will be indulged in by the dreamer. 
I saw a comedy.|To dream of seeing a comedy, is significant of light pleasures and pleasant tasks. 
I heard comic songs.|To hear comic songs in dreams, foretells you will disregard opportunity to advance your affairs and enjoy the companionship of the pleasure loving. To sing one, proves you will enjoy much pleasure for a time, but difficulties will overtake you. 
I was commanded.|To dream of being commanded, denotes that you will be humbled in some way by your associates for scorn shown your superiors. 
I gave a command.|To dream of giving a command, you will have some honor conferred upon you. If this is done in a tyrannical or boastful way disappointments will follow. 
I received commands.|To dream of receiving commands, foretells you will be unwisely influenced by persons of stronger will than your own. To read or hear the Ten Commandments read, denotes you will fall into errors from which you will hardly escape, even with the counsels of friends of wise and unerring judgment. 
I was engaged in commerce.|To dream that you are engaged in commerce, denotes you will handle your opportunities wisely and advantageously. To dream of failures and gloomy outlooks in commercial circles, denotes trouble and ominous threatening of failure in real business life. 
I saw a wife or husband.|To dream of seeing a wife or husband, signifies small anxieties and probable sickness. 
I saw one pointing awry.|To see one pointing awry, foretells threatened loss and deception. 
I completed a task or piece of work.|To dream of completing a task or piece of work, denotes that you will have acquired a competency early in life, and that you can spend your days as you like and wherever you please. 
I had completed a garment.|For a young woman to dream that she has completed a garment, denotes that she will soon decide on a husband. 
I completed a journey.|To dream of completing a journey, you will have the means to make one whenever you like. 
I had bad and dark complexion.|To dream that you have bad and dark complexion, denotes disappointment and sickness. 
I saw a composing stick.|To see in your dreams a composing stick, foretells that difficult problems will disclose themselves, and you will be at great trouble to meet them. 
I was in company with a concubine.|For a man to dream that he is in company with a concubine, forecasts he is in danger of public disgrace, striving to keep from the world his true character and state of business. 
I was a concubine.|For a woman to dream that she is a concubine, indicates that she will degrade herself by her own improprieties. 
I was in a hypnotic state or under the power of others.|To dream that you are in a hypnotic state or under the power of others, portends disastrous results, for your enemies will enthrall you; but if you hold others under a spell you will assert decided will power in governing your surroundings. 
I was under strange influences.|For a young woman to dream that she is under strange influences, denotes her immediate exposure to danger, and she should beware. 
I saw hypnotic and slight-of-hand performances.|To dream of seeing hypnotic and slight-of-hand performances, signifies worries and perplexities in business and domestic circles, and unhealthy conditions of state. 
I was the object of a conspiracy.|To dream that you are the object of a conspiracy, foretells you will make a wrong move in the directing of your affairs. 
I had a quiet conscience.|To dream of having a quiet conscience, denotes that you will stand in high repute. 
I had consumption.|To dream that you have consumption, denotes that you are exposing yourself to danger.  Remain with your friends. 
I was in contempt of court.|To dream of being in contempt of court, denotes that you have committed business or social indiscretion and that it is unmerited. 
I was held in contempt by others.|To dream that you are held in contempt by others, you will succeed in winning their highest regard, and will find yourself prosperous and happy. But if the contempt is merited, your exile from business or social circles is intimated. 
I sought refuge in a convent.|To dream of seeking refuge in a convent, denotes that your future will be signally free from care and enemies, unless on entering the building you encounter a priest. If so, you will seek often and in vain for relief from worldly cares and mind worry. 
I saw a convent.|For a young girl to dream of seeing a convent, her virtue and honestly will be questioned. 
I saw convicts.|To dream of seeing convicts, denotes disasters and sad news. To dream that you are a convict, indicates that you will worry over some affair; but you will clear up all mistakes. 
I saw my lover in the garb of a convict.|For a young woman to dream of seeing her lover in the garb of a convict, indicates she will have cause to question the character of his love. 
I cooked a meal.|To cook a meal, denotes some pleasant duty will devolve on you. Many friends will visit you in the near future.  If there is discord or a lack of cheerfulness you may expect harassing and disappointing events to happen. 
I saw a cooking stove.|To see a cooking stove in a dream, denotes that much unpleasantness will be modified by your timely interference. For a young woman to dream of using a cooking stove, foretells she will be too hasty in showing her appreciation of the attention of some person and thereby lose a closer friendship. 
I saw a cooling board in my dreams.|For a young woman to see a cooling board in her dreams, foretells sickness and quarrels with her lover.  To dream of some living person as dead and rising up from a cooling board, denotes she will be indirectly connected with that person in some trouble, but will find out that things will work out satisfactorily. 
I saw my brother.|To see her brother, who has long since been dead, rising from a cooling board, warns her of complications which may be averted if she puts forth the proper will and energy in struggling against them. 
I copied.|To dream of copying, denotes unfavorable workings of well tried plans. 
I was copying a letter.|For a young woman to dream that she is copying a letter, denotes she will be prejudiced into error by her love for a certain class of people. 
I drew corks at a banquet.|To dream of drawing corks at a banquet, signifies that you will soon enter a state of prosperity, in which you will revel in happiness of the most select kind. 
I saw a fishing cork resting on clear water.|To dream of seeing a fishing cork resting on clear water, denotes success. If water is disturbed you will be annoyed by unprincipled persons. 
I was corking bottles.|To dream that you are corking bottles, denotes a well organized business and system in your living. 
I drew champagne corks.|For a young woman to dream of drawing champagne corks, indicates she will have a gay and handsome lover who will lavish much attention and money on her. She should look well to her reputation and listen to the warning of parents after this dream. 
I passed through a green and luxurious corn-field.|To dream of passing through a green and luxurious corn-field, and seeing full ears hanging heavily, denotes great wealth for the farmer. It denotes fine crops and rich harvest and harmony in the home. To the young it promises much happiness and true friends, but to see the ears blasted, denotes disappointments and bereavements. 
I saw young corn newly ploughed.|To see young corn newly ploughed, denotes favor with the powerful and coming success.  To see it ripe, denotes fame and wealth. To see it cribbed, signifies that your highest desires will be realized. 
I saw shelled corn.|To see shelled corn, denotes wealthy combines and unstinted favors. 
I ate green corn.|To dream of eating green corn, denotes harmony among friends and happy unions for the young. 
I had corns on my feet.|For a young woman to dream of having corns on her feet, indicates she will have to bear many crosses and be coldly treated by her sex. 
I saw a corkscrew.|To dream of seeing a corkscrew, indicates an unsatisfied mind, and the dreamer should heed this as a warning to curb his desires, for it is likely they are on dangerous grounds. 
I broke a corkscrew while using it.|To dream of breaking a corkscrew while using it, indicates to the dreamer perilous surroundings, and he should use force of will to abandon unhealthful inclinations. 
I saw a corpse placed in its casket.|To see a corpse placed in its casket, denotes immediate troubles to the dreamer. 
I saw a corpse in black.|To see a corpse in black, denotes the violent death of a friend or some desperate business entanglement. 
I saw a battle-field strewn with corpses.|To see a battle-field strewn with corpses, indicates war and general dissatisfaction between countries and political factions. 
I saw the corpse of an animal.|To see the corpse of an animal, denotes unhealthy situation, both as to business and health. 
I saw the corpse of any one of my immediate family.|To see the corpse of any one of your immediate family, indicates death to that person, or to some member of the family, or a serious rupture of domestic relations, also unusual business depression. For lovers it is a sure sign of failure to keep promises of a sacred nature. 
I put money on the eyes of a corpse.|To put money on the eyes of a corpse in your dreams, denotes that you will see unscrupulous enemies robbing you while you are powerless to resent injury. If you only put it on one eye you will be able to recover lost property after an almost hopeless struggle.  For a young woman this dream denotes distress and loss by unfortunately giving her confidence to designing persons. 
I saw cornmeal.|To see cornmeal, foretells the consummation of ardent wishes. To eat it made into bread, denotes that you will unwittingly throw obstructions in the way of your own advancement. 
I saw persons talking in a corner.|To see persons talking in a corner, enemies are seeking to destroy you. The chances are that some one whom you consider a friend will prove a traitor to your interest. 
I was corpulent.|For a person to dream of being corpulent, indicates to the dreamer bountiful increase of wealth and pleasant abiding places. 
I saw others corpulent.|To see others corpulent, denotes unusual activity and prosperous times. 
I saw cotton in bales.|To see cotton in bales, is a favorable indication for better times. 
I saw cotton cloth.|To see cotton cloth in a dream, denotes easy circumstances. No great changes follow this dream. 
I wove cotton cloth.|For a young woman to dream of weaving cotton cloth, denotes that she will have a thrifty and enterprising husband. To the married it denotes a pleasant yet a humble abode. 
I reclined on a couch.|To dream of reclining on a couch, indicates that false hopes will be entertained.  You should be alert to every change of your affairs, for only in this way will your hopes be realized. 
I was aggravated by a constant cough indicated a state of low health.|To dream that you are aggravated by a constant cough indicates a state of low health; but one from which you will recuperate if care is observed in your habits. 
I counted my children.|To dream of counting your children, and they are merry and sweet-looking, denotes that you will have no trouble in controlling them, and they will attain honorable places. 
I counted money.|To dream of counting money, you will be lucky and always able to pay your debts; but to count out money to another person, you will meet with loss of some kind.  Such will be the case, also, in counting other things. If for yourself, good; if for others, usually bad luck will attend you. 
I was in a beautiful and fertile country.|To dream of being in a beautiful and fertile country, where abound rich fields of grain and running streams of pure water, denotes the very acme of good times is at hand.  Wealth will pile in upon you, and you will be able to reign in state in any country. If the country be dry and bare, you will see and hear of troublous times. Famine and sickness will be in the land. 
I saw cows waiting for the milking hour.|To dream of seeing cows waiting for the milking hour, promises abundant fulfilment of hopes and desires. 
I saw them in full bloom.|To see them in full bloom, denotes a crisis in your affairs. The breaking up of happy homes may follow this dream. 
I saw a flight of cranes tending northward.|To dream of seeing a flight of cranes tending northward, indicates gloomy prospects for business.  To a woman, it is significant of disappointment; but to see them flying southward, prognosticates a joyful meeting of absent friends, and that lovers will remain faithful. 
I saw them fly to the ground.|To see them fly to the ground, events of unusual moment are at hand. 
I saw crape hanging from a door.|To dream of seeing crape hanging from a door, denotes that you will hear of the sudden death of some relative or friend. 
I saw a person dressed in crape.|To see a person dressed in crape, indicates that sorrow, other than death, will possess you.  It is bad for business and trade. To the young, it implies lovers' disputes and separations. 
I assailed me in my affairs of the heart.|Deceit is sure to assail you in your affairs of the heart, if you are young, after dreaming of this backward-going thing. 
I was crawling on the ground.|To dream that you are crawling on the ground, and hurt your hand, you may expect humiliating tasks to be placed on you. 
I crawled over rough places and stones.|To crawl over rough places and stones, indicates that you have not taken proper advantage of your opportunities. A young woman, after dreaming of crawling, if not very careful of her conduct, will lose the respect of her lover. 
I crawled in mire with others.|To crawl in mire with others, denotes depression in business and loss of credit.  Your friends will have cause to censure you. 
I saw cream served.|To dream of seeing cream served, denotes that you will be associated with wealth if you are engaged in business other than farming. 
I asked for credit.|To dream of asking for credit, denotes that you will have cause to worry, although you may be inclined sometimes to think things look bright. 
I saw bodies cremated.|To dream of seeing bodies cremated, denotes enemies will reduce your influence in business circles.  To think you are being cremated, portends distinct failure in enterprises, if you mind any but your own judgment in conducting them. 
I leaved port.|To dream of seeing a crew getting ready to leave port, some unforseen{sic} circumstance will cause you to give up a journey from which you would have gained much. 
I saw a crew getting ready to leave port.|To dream of seeing a crew getting ready to leave port, some unforseen{sic} circumstance will cause you to give up a journey from which you would have gained much. 
I saw a crew working to save a ship in a storm.|To see a crew working to save a ship in a storm, denotes disaster on land and sea.  To the young, this dream bodes evil. 
I saved a ship in a storm.|To see a crew working to save a ship in a storm, denotes disaster on land and sea.  To the young, this dream bodes evil. 
I heard a cricket in one 's dream.|To hear a cricket in one's dream, indicates melancholy news, and perhaps the death of some distant friend. 
I saw them.|To see them, indicates hard struggles with poverty. 
I heard cries of distress.|To hear cries of distress, denotes that you will be engulfed in serious troubles, but by being alert you will finally emerge from these distressing straits and gain by this temporary gloom. 
I heard a cry of surprise.|To hear a cry of surprise, you will receive aid from unexpected sources. 
I heard the cries of wild beasts.|To hear the cries of wild beasts, denotes an accident of a serious nature. 
I heard a cry for help from relatives.|To hear a cry for help from relatives, or friends, denotes that they are sick or in distress. 
I associated with a person who had committed a crime.|To dream of associating with a person who has committed a crime, denotes that you will be harassed with unscrupulous persons, who will try to use your friendship for their own advancement. 
I saw a criminal fleeing from justice.|To see a criminal fleeing from justice, denotes that you will come into the possession of the secrets of others, and will therefore be in danger, for they will fear that you will betray them, and consequently will seek your removal. 
I did crochet work.|To dream of doing crochet work, foretells your entanglement in some silly affair growing out of a too great curiosity about other people's business. Beware of talking too frankly with over-confidential women. 
I had an abundance of nice.|To dream of having an abundance of nice, clean crockery, denotes that you will be a tidy and economical housekeeper. 
I was in a crockery store.|To be in a crockery store, indicates, if you are a merchant or business man, that you will look well to the details of your business and thereby experience profit.  To a young woman, this dream denotes that she will marry a sturdy and upright man. An untidy store, with empty shelves, implies loss. 
I stepped on a crocodile 's back.|To dream of stepping on a crocodile's back, you may expect to fall into trouble, from which you will have to struggle mightily to extricate yourself. Heed this warning when dreams of this nature visit you.  Avoid giving your confidence even to friends. 
I saw a cross.|To dream of seeing a cross, indicates trouble ahead for you. Shape your affairs accordingly. 
I saw a person bearing a cross.|To dream of seeing a person bearing a cross, you will be called on by missionaries to aid in charities. 
I saw cross-bones as a monogram on an invitation to a funeral.|To see cross-bones as a monogram on an invitation to a funeral, which was sent out by a secret order, denotes that unnecessary fears will be entertained for some person, and events will transpire seemingly harsh, but of good import to the dreamer. 
I saw a crow.|To dream of seeing a crow, betokens misfortune and grief. To hear crows cawing, you will be influenced by others to make a bad disposal of property.  To a young man, it is indicative of his succumbing to the wiles of designing women. 
I saw a crowd in a church.|To see a crowd in a church, denotes that a death will be likely to affect you, or some slight unpleasantness may develop. 
I saw a crowd in the street.|To see a crowd in the street, indicates unusual briskness in trade and a general air of prosperity will surround you. 
I was heard in a crowd.|To try to be heard in a crowd, foretells that you will push your interests ahead of all others. 
I tried to be heard in a crowd.|To try to be heard in a crowd, foretells that you will push your interests ahead of all others. 
I saw a crowd was usually good.|To see a crowd is usually good, if too many are not wearing black or dull costumes. 
I saw a hypnotist trying to hypnotize others.|To dream of seeing a hypnotist trying to hypnotize others, and then turn his attention on you, and fail to do so, indicates that a trouble is hanging above you which friends will not succeed in warding off. Yourself alone can avert the impending danger. 
I hypnotized others.|To dream of seeing a hypnotist trying to hypnotize others, and then turn his attention on you, and fail to do so, indicates that a trouble is hanging above you which friends will not succeed in warding off. Yourself alone can avert the impending danger. 
I wore a crown.|To dream that you wear a crown, signifies loss of personal property. 
I talked with the President of the United States.|To dream of talking with the President of the United States, denotes that you are interested in affairs of state, and sometimes show a great longing to be a politician. 
I saw a crucifix.|To see a crucifix in a dream, is a warning of distress approaching, which will involve others beside yourself.  To kiss one, foretells that trouble will be accepted by you with resignation. 
I possessed one.|For a young woman to possess one, foretells she will observe modesty and kindness in her deportment, and thus win the love of others and better her fortune. 
I went on crutches.|To dream that you go on crutches, denotes that you will depend largely on others for your support and advancement. 
I saw others on crutches.|To see others on crutches, denotes unsatisfactory results from labors. 
I cried.|To dream of crying, is a forerunner of illusory pleasures, which will subside into gloom, and distressing influences affecting for evil business engagements and domestic affairs. 
I saw others crying.|To see others crying, forbodes unexpected calls for aid from you. 
I saw a dining-room furnished in crystal.|For a woman to dream of seeing a dining-room furnished in crystal, even to the chairs, she will have cause to believe that those whom she holds in high regard no longer deserve this distinction, but she will find out that there were others in the crystal-furnished room, who were implicated also in this sinister dream. 
I heard a cuckoo.|To dream that you hear a cuckoo, denotes the painful illness of the death of some absent loved one, or accident to some one in your family. 
I was cunning.|To dream of being cunning, denotes you will assume happy cheerfulness to retain the friendship of prosperous and gay people. If you are associating with cunning people, it warns you that deceit is being practised upon you in order to use your means for their own advancement. 
I saw a cupboard.|To see a cupboard in your dream, is significant of pleasure and comfort, or penury and distress, according as the cupboard is clean and full of shining ware, or empty and dirty. 
I stepped on a curbstone.|To dream of stepping on a curbstone, denotes your rapid rise in business circles, and that you will be held in high esteem by your friends and the public. 
I stepped together on a curb.|For lovers to dream of stepping together on a curb, denotes an early marriage and consequent fidelity; but if in your dream you step or fall from a curbstone your fortunes will be reversed. 
I curried a horse.|To dream of currying a horse, signifies that you will have a great many hard licks to make both with brain and hand before you attain to the heights of your ambition; but if you successfully curry him you will attain that height, whatever it may be. 
I reclined on silken cushions.|To dream of reclining on silken cushions, foretells that your ease will be procured at the expense of others; but to see the cushions, denotes that you will prosper in business and love-making. 
I made silken cushions.|For a young woman to dream of making silken cushions, implies that she will be a bride before many months. 
I saw a cuspidor.|To see a cuspidor in a dream, signifies that an unworthy attachment will be formed by you, and that your work will be neglected. 
I spit in one.|To spit in one, foretells that reflections wil{sic} be cast upon your conduct. 
I made or eating custard.|For a married woman to dream of making or eating custard, indicates she will be called upon to entertain an unexpected guest. A young woman will meet a stranger who will in time become a warm friend. If the custard has a sickening sweet taste, or is insipid, nothing but sorrow will intervene where you had expected a pleasant experience. 
I entered a custom-house.|To enter a custom-house, foretells that you will strive for, or have offered you, a position which you have long desired. 
I leaved one.|To leave one, signifies loss of position, trade or failure of securing some desired object. 
I saw dahlias.|To see dahlias in a dream, if they are fresh and bright, signifies good fortune to the dreamer. 
I saw them out of season.|To dream of seeing them out of season, you will be assailed by evil in some guise. 
I saw a damask rosebush in full foliage and bloom.|To dream of seeing a damask rosebush in full foliage and bloom, denotes that a wedding will soon take place in your family, and great hopes will be fulfilled. 
I placed this rose in my hair.|For a lover to place this rose in your hair, foretells that you will be deceived.  If a woman receives a bouquet of damask roses in springtime, she will have a faithful lover; but if she received them in winter, she will cherish blasted hopes. 
I saw these trees lifting their branches loaded with rich purple fruit and dainty foliage.|This is a peculiarly good dream if one is so fortunate as to see these trees lifting their branches loaded with rich purple fruit and dainty foliage; one may expect riches compared with his present estate. 
I ate them at any time.|To dream of eating them at any time, forebodes grief. 
I saw a crowd of merry children dancing.|To dream of seeing a crowd of merry children dancing, signifies to the married, loving, obedient and intelligent children and a cheerful and comfortable home.  To young people, it denotes easy tasks and many pleasures. 
I saw older people dancing.|To see older people dancing, denotes a brighter outlook for business. 
I danced myself.|To dream of dancing yourself, some unexpected good fortune will come to you. 
I was in a perilous situation.|To dream of being in a perilous situation, and death seems iminent,{sic} denotes that you will emerge from obscurity into places of distinction and honor; but if you should not escape the impending danger, and suffer death or a wound, you will lose in business and be annoyed in your home, and by others. If you are in love, your prospects will grow discouraging. 
I lost my friend.|To lose your friend, or child, in the darkness, portends many provocations to wrath.  Try to remain under control after dreaming of darkness, for trials in business and love will beset you. 
I saw them on their parent trees.|To dream of seeing them on their parent trees, signifies prosperity and happy union; but to eat them as prepared for commerce, they are omens of want and distress. 
I watched the day break.|To watch the day break in a dream, omens successful undertakings, unless the scene is indistinct and weird; then it may imply disappointment when success in business or love seems assured. 
I saw my mother.|To see your mother, warns you to control your inclination to cultivate morbidness and ill will towards your fellow creatures. A brother, or other relatives or friends, denotes that you may be called on for charity or aid within a short time. 
I saw the dead.|To dream of seeing the dead, living and happy, signifies you are letting wrong influences into your life, which will bring material loss if not corrected by the assumption of your own will force. 
I was conversing with a dead relative.|To dream that you are conversing with a dead relative, and that relative endeavors to extract a promise from you, warns you of coming distress, unless you follow the advice given you. Disastrous consequences could often be averted if minds could grasp the inner workings and sight of the higher or spiritual self. The voice of relatives is only that higher self taking form to approach more distinctly the mind that lives near the material plane. There is so little congeniality between common or material natures that persons should depend upon their own subjectivity for true contentment and pleasure. 
I saw any of my people dead.|To dream of seeing any of your people dead, warns you of coming dissolution or sorrow.  Disappointments always follow dreams of this nature. 
I heard of any friend or relative being dead.|To hear of any friend or relative being dead, you will soon have bad news from some of them. 
I was on a ship and that a storm was raging.|To dream of being on a ship and that a storm is raging, great disasters and unfortunate alliances will overtake you; but if the sea is calm and the light distinct, your way is clear to success.  For lovers, this dream augurs happiness. 
I saw the graves or caskets of the dead decorated with white flowers.|To see the graves or caskets of the dead decorated with white flowers, is unfavorable to pleasure and worldly pursuits. 
I was decorating.|To be decorating, or see others decorate for some heroic action, foretells that you will be worthy, but that few will recognize your ability. 
I saw or signing deeds.|To dream of seeing or signing deeds, portends a law suit, to gain which you should be careful in selecting your counsel, as you are likely to be the loser.  To dream of signing any kind of a paper, is a bad omen for the dreamer. 
I killed a deer.|To kill a deer, denotes that you will be hounded by enemies. For farmers, or business people, to dream of hunting deer, denotes failure in their respective pursuits. 
I was delayed.|To be delayed in a dream, warns you of the scheming of enemies to prevent your progress. 
I experienced delight over any event.|To dream of experiencing delight over any event, signifies a favorable turn in affairs.  For lovers to be delighted with the conduct of their sweethearts, denotes pleasant greetings. 
I felt delight when looking on beautiful landscapes.|To feel delight when looking on beautiful landscapes, prognosticates to the dreamer very great success and congenial associations. 
I saw me at work on a young woman 's teeth.|To see him at work on a young woman's teeth, denotes that you will soon be shocked by a scandal in circles near you. 
I wandered through a gloomy and barren desert.|To dream of wandering through a gloomy and barren desert, denotes famine and uprisal of races and great loss of life and property. 
I found myself alone in a desert.|For a young woman to find herself alone in a desert, her health and reputation is being jeopardized by her indiscretion. She should be more cautious. 
I was using a desk.|To be using a desk in a dream, denotes unforeseen ill luck will rise before you.  To see money on your desk, brings you unexpected extrication from private difficulties. 
I was in despair.|To be in despair in dreams, denotes that you will have many and cruel vexations in the working world. 
I saw others in despair.|To see others in despair, foretells the distress and unhappy position of some relative or friend. 
I was innocent of charges preferred.|To dream of a detective keeping in your wake when you are innocent of charges preferred, denotes that fortune and honor are drawing nearer to you each day; but if you feel yourself guilty, you are likely to find your reputation at stake, and friends will turn from you. For a young woman, this is not a fortunate dream. 
I showed my devotion to God.|For a farmer to dream of showing his devotion to God, or to his family, denotes plenteous crops and peaceful neighbors. To business people, this is a warning that nothing is to be gained by deceit. 
I was devout.|For a young woman to dream of being devout, implies her chastity and an adoring husband. 
I felt the dew falling on me.|To feel the dew falling on you in your dreams, portends that you will be attacked by fever or some malignant disease; but to see the dew sparkling through the grass in the sunlight, great honors and wealth are about to be heaped upon you. If you are single, a wealthy marriage will soon be your portion. 
I saw my lover throwing dice.|For a girl to dream that she sees her lover throwing dice, indicates his unworthiness. 
I was referring to a dictionary.|To dream that you are referring to a dictionary, signifies you will depend too much upon the opinion and suggestions of others for the clear management of your own affairs, which could be done with proper dispatch if your own will was given play. 
I was in difficulties.|For a woman to dream of being in difficulties, denotes that she is threatened with ill health or enemies.  For lovers, this is a dream of contrariety, denoting pleasant courtship. 
I dug.|To dream of digging, denotes that you will never be in want, but life will be an uphill affair. 
I dug a hole and find any glittering substance.|To dig a hole and find any glittering substance, denotes a favorable turn in fortune; but to dig and open up a vast area of hollow mist, you will be harrassed with real misfortunes and be filled with gloomy forebodings. Water filling the hole that you dig, denotes that in spite of your most strenuous efforts things will not bend to your will. 
I ate my dinner alone.|To dream that you eat your dinner alone, denotes that you will often have cause to think seriously of the necessaries of life. 
I took dinner with my lover.|For a young woman to dream of taking dinner with her lover, is indicative of a lovers' quarrel or a rupture, unless the affair is one of harmonious pleasure, when the reverse may be expected. 
I was one of many invited guests at a dinner.|To be one of many invited guests at a dinner, denotes that you will enjoy the hospitalities of those who are able to extend to you many pleasant courtesies. 
I saw freshly stirred dirt around flowers or trees.|To dream of seeing freshly stirred dirt around flowers or trees, denotes thrift and healthful conditions abound for the dreamer. 
I saw my clothes soiled with unclean dirt.|To see your clothes soiled with unclean dirt, you will be forced to save yourself from contagious diseases by leaving your home or submitting to the strictures of the law. 
I was in any disaster from public conveyance.|To dream of being in any disaster from public conveyance, you are in danger of losing property or of being maimed from some malarious disease. 
I was not a participant.|To dream of a railway wreck in which you are not a participant, you will eventually be interested in some accident because of some relative or friend being hurt, or you will have trouble of a business character. 
I was diseased.|To dream that you are diseased, denotes a slight attack of illness, or of unpleasant dealings with a relative. 
I was incurably diseased.|For a young woman to dream that she is incurably diseased, denotes that she will be likely to lead a life of single blessedness. 
I was worried over the disgraceful conduct of children or friends.|To be worried in your dream over the disgraceful conduct of children or friends, will bring you unsatisfying hopes, and worries will harass you. To be in disgrace yourself, denotes that you will hold morality at a low rate, and you are in danger of lowering your reputation for uprightness. Enemies are also shadowing you. 
I handled dishes.|To dream of handling dishes, denotes good fortune; but if from any cause they should be broken, this signifies that fortune will be short-lived for you. 
I saw shelves of polished dishes.|To see shelves of polished dishes, denotes success in marriage. 
I was disinherited.|To dream that you are disinherited, warns you to look well to your business and social standing. 
I lost my inheritance by disobedience.|For a young man to dream of losing his inheritance by disobedience, warns him that he will find favor in the eyes of his parents by contracting a suitable marriage.  For a woman, this dream is a warning to be careful of her conduct, lest she meet with unfavorable fortune. 
I held disputes over trifles.|To dream of holding disputes over trifles, indicates bad health and unfairness in judging others. 
I disputed with learned people.|To dream of disputing with learned people, shows that you have some latent ability, but are a little sluggish in developing it. 
I was a long way from my residence.|To dream of being a long way from your residence, denotes that you will make a journey soon in which you may meet many strangers who will be instrumental in changing life from good to bad. 
I fell in a ditch.|To dream of falling in a ditch, denotes degradation and personal loss; but if you jump over it, you will live down any suspicion of wrong-doing. 
I saw others diving.|To see others diving, indicates pleasant companions. For lovers to dream of diving, denotes the consummation of happy dreams and passionate love. 
I saw a divining rod.|To see a divining rod in your dreams, foretells ill luck will dissatisfy you with present surroundings. 
I was divorced.|To dream of being divorced, denotes that you are not satisfied with your companion, and should cultivate a more congenial atmosphere in the home life. It is a dream of warning. 
I was on docks.|To dream of being on docks, denotes that you are about to make an unpropitious journey.  Accidents will threaten you. If you are there, wandering alone, and darkness overtakes you, you will meet with deadly enemies, but if the sun be shining, you will escape threatening dangers. 
I owned a dog with fine qualities.|To dream of owning a dog with fine qualities, denotes that you will be possessed of solid wealth. 
I heard the barking of dogs.|To hear the barking of dogs, foretells news of a depressing nature. Difficulties are more than likely to follow.  To see dogs on the chase of foxes, and other large game, denotes an unusual briskness in all affairs. 
I saw fancy pet dogs.|To see fancy pet dogs, signifies a love of show, and that the owner is selfish and narrow.  For a young woman, this dream foretells a fop for a sweetheart. 
I felt much fright upon seeing a large mastiff.|To feel much fright upon seeing a large mastiff, denotes that you will experience inconvenience because of efforts to rise above mediocrity. If a woman dreams this, she will marry a wise and humane man. 
I heard the growling and snarling of dogs.|To hear the growling and snarling of dogs, indicates that you are at the mercy of designing people, and you will be afflicted with unpleasant home surroundings. 
I heard the lonely baying of a dog.|To hear the lonely baying of a dog, foretells a death or a long separation from friends. 
I saw dogs and cats seemingly on friendly terms.|To see dogs and cats seemingly on friendly terms, and suddenly turning on each other, showing their teeth and a general fight ensuing, you will meet with disaster in love and worldly pursuits, unless you succeed in quelling the row. 
I traveled alone.|To dream of traveling alone, with a dog following you, foretells stanch friends and successful undertakings. 
I killed a snake in my presence.|For a dog to kill a snake in your presence, is an omen of good luck 
I was in the dome of a building.|To dream that you are in the dome of a building, viewing a strange landscape, signifies a favorable change in your life. You will occupy honorable places among strangers. 
I beheld a dome from a distance.|To behold a dome from a distance, portends that you will never reach the height of your ambition, and if you are in love, the object of your desires will scorn your attention. 
I played at dominoes.|To dream of playing at dominoes, and lose, you will be affronted by a friend, and much uneasiness for your safety will be entertained by your people, as you will not be discreet in your affairs with women or other matters that engage your attention. 
I was the winner of the game.|If you are the winner of the game, it foretells that you will be much courted and admired by certain dissolute characters, bringing you selfish pleasures, but much distress to your relatives. 
I heard the distant braying filling space with melancholy.|To hear the distant braying filling space with melancholy, you will receive wealth and release from unpleasant bonds by the death of some person close to you. 
I saw myself riding on a donkey.|If you see yourself riding on a donkey, you will visit foreign lands and make many explorations into places difficult of passage. 
I saw others riding donkeys.|To see others riding donkeys, denotes a meagre inheritance for them and a toiling life. 
I saw many of the old patriarchs traveling on donkeys.|To dream of seeing many of the old patriarchs traveling on donkeys, shows that the influence of Christians will be thrown against you in your selfish wantonness, causing you to ponder over the rights and duties of man to man. 
I drove a donkey.|To drive a donkey, signifies that all your energies and pluck will be brought into play against a desperate effort on the part of enemies to overthrow you. If you are in love, evil women will cause you trouble. 
I was kicked by this little animal.|If you are kicked by this little animal, it shows that you are carrying on illicit connections, from which you will suffer much anxiety from fear of betrayal. 
I led one by a halter.|If you lead one by a halter, you will be master of every situation, and lead women into your way of seeing things by flattery. 
I saw children riding and driving donkeys.|To see children riding and driving donkeys, signifies health and obedience for them. 
I fell or be thrown from one.|To fall or be thrown from one, denotes ill luck and disappointment in secular affairs.  Lovers will quarrel and separate. 
I saw one dead.|To see one dead, denotes satiated appetites, resulting from licentious excesses. 
I drank the milk of a donkey.|To dream of drinking the milk of a donkey, denotes that whimsical desires will be gratified, even to the displacement of important duties. 
I saw a strange donkey among my stock.|If you see in your dreams a strange donkey among your stock, or on your premises, you will inherit some valuable effects. 
I came into the possession of a donkey by present.|To dream of coming into the possession of a donkey by present, or buying, you will attain to enviable heights in the business or social world, and if single, will contract a congenial marriage. 
I was living on.|To dream that you are living on, and looking forward to seeing doomsday, is a warning for you to give substantial and material affairs close attention, or you will find that the artful and scheming friends you are entertaining will have possession of what they desire from you, which is your wealth, and not your sentimentality. 
I entered a door.|To dream of entering a door, denotes slander, and enemies from whom you are trying in vain to escape.  This is the same of any door, except the door of your childhood home. If it is this door you dream of entering, your days will be filled with plenty and congeniality. 
I entered a door at night through the rain.|To dream of entering a door at night through the rain, denotes, to women, unpardonable escapades; to a man, it is significant of a drawing on his resources by unwarranted vice, and also foretells assignations. 
I saw others go through a doorway.|To see others go through a doorway, denotes unsuccessful attempts to get your affairs into a paying condition. It also means changes to farmers and the political world. To an author, it foretells that the reading public will reprove his way of stating facts by refusing to read his later works. 
I closed a door.|To dream that you attempt to close a door, and it falls from its hinges, injuring some one, denotes that malignant evil threatens your friend through your unintentionally wrong advice. If you see another attempt to lock a door, and it falls from its hinges, you will have knowledge of some friend's misfortune and be powerless to aid him. 
I attempted to close a door.|To dream that you attempt to close a door, and it falls from its hinges, injuring some one, denotes that malignant evil threatens your friend through your unintentionally wrong advice. If you see another attempt to lock a door, and it falls from its hinges, you will have knowledge of some friend's misfortune and be powerless to aid him. 
I heard or ring a door bell.|To dream you hear or ring a door bell, foretells unexpected tidings, or a hasty summons to business, or the bedtide of a sick relative. 
I heard the lonely.|To hear the lonely, mournful voice of a dove, portends sorrow and disappointment through the death of one to whom you looked for aid. Often it portends the death of a father. 
I saw a dead dove.|To see a dead dove, is ominous of a separation of husband and wife, either through death or infidelity. 
I saw white doves.|To see white doves, denotes bountiful harvests and the utmost confidence in the loyalty of friends. 
I saw a flock of white doves.|To dream of seeing a flock of white doves, denotes peaceful, innocent pleasures, and fortunate developments in the future. 
I received a dowry.|To dream that you fail to receive a dowry, signifies penury and a cold world to depend on for a living.  If you receive it, your expectations for the day will be fulfilled.  The opposite may be expected if the dream is superinduced by the previous action of the waking mind. 
I failed to receive a dowry.|To dream that you fail to receive a dowry, signifies penury and a cold world to depend on for a living.  If you receive it, your expectations for the day will be fulfilled.  The opposite may be expected if the dream is superinduced by the previous action of the waking mind. 
I saw a drama.|To see a drama, signifies pleasant reunions with distant friends. 
I was bored with the performance of a drama.|To be bored with the performance of a drama, you will be forced to accept an uncongenial companion at some entertainment or secret affair. 
I wrote one.|To write one, portends that you will be plunged into distress and debt, to be extricated as if by a miracle. 
I was given to dram-drinking.|To be given to dram-drinking in your dreams, omens ill-natured rivalry and contention for small possession.  To think you have quit dram-drinking, or find that others have done so, shows that you will rise above present estate and rejoice in prosperity. 
I saw or use a draw-knife.|To see or use a draw-knife, portends unfulfiled hopes or desires. 
I was having trouble in dressing.|To think you are having trouble in dressing, while dreaming, means some evil persons will worry and detain you from places of amusement. 
I thought I was having trouble in dressing.|To think you are having trouble in dressing, while dreaming, means some evil persons will worry and detain you from places of amusement. 
I couldn't get dressed in time for a train.|If you can't get dressed in time for a train, you will have many annoyances through the carelessness of others. You should depend on your own efforts as far as possible, after these dreams, if you would secure contentment and full success. 
I drove a carriage.|To dream of driving a carriage, signifies unjust criticism of your seeming extravagance.  You will be compelled to do things which appear undignified. 
I drove a public cab.|To dream of driving a public cab, denotes menial labor, with little chance for advancement.  If it is a wagon, you will remain in poverty and unfortunate circumstances for some time. If you are driven in these conveyances by others, you will profit by superior knowledge of the world, and will always find some path through difficulties.  If you are a man, you will, in affairs with women, drive your wishes to a speedy consummation. If a woman, you will hold men's hearts at low value after succeeding in getting a hold on them. 
I was afflicted with the dropsy.|To dream of being afflicted with the dropsy, denotes illness for a time, but from which you will recover with renewed vigor. To see others thus afflicted, denotes that you will hear from the absent shortly, and have tidings of their good health. 
I drowned.|To dream of drowning, denotes loss of property and life; but if you are rescued, you will rise from your present position to one of wealth and honor. 
I saw others drowning.|To see others drowning, and you go to their relief, signifies that you will aid your friend to high places, and will bring deserved happiness to yourself. 
I saw my sweetheart drowned.|For a young woman to see her sweetheart drowned, denotes her bereavement by death. 
I heard the muffled beating of a drum.|To hear the muffled beating of a drum, denotes that some absent friend is in distress and calls on you for aid. 
I saw a drum.|To see a drum, foretells amiability of character and a great aversion to quarrels and dissensions.  It is an omen of prosperity to the sailor, the farmer and the tradesman alike. 
I was drunk on heavy liquors.|This is an unfavorable dream if you are drunk on heavy liquors, indicating profligacy and loss of employment.  You will be disgraced by stooping to forgery or theft. 
I saw others in a drunken condition.|To see others in a drunken condition, foretells for you, and probably others, unhappy states. 
I saw wild ducks on a clear stream of water.|To dream of seeing wild ducks on a clear stream of water, signifies fortunate journeys, perhaps across the sea. White ducks around a farm, indicate thrift and a fine harvest. 
I saw them shot.|To see them shot, signifies that enemies are meddling with your private affairs. 
I saw them flying.|To see them flying, foretells a brighter future for you. It also denotes marriage, and children in the new home. 
I heard a duet played.|To dream of hearing a duet played, denotes a peaceful and even existence for lovers.  No quarrels, as is customary in this sort of thing. Business people carry on a mild rivalry.  To musical people, this denotes competition and wrangling for superiority. 
I heard a duet sung.|To hear a duet sung, is unpleasant tidings from the absent; but this will not last, as some new pleasure will displace the unpleasantness. 
I was dumb.|To dream of being dumb, indicates your inability to persuade others into your mode of thinking, and using them for your profit by your glibness of tongue. To the dumb, it denotes false friends. 
I received a dun.|To dream that you receive a dun, warns you to look after your affairs and correct all tendency towards neglect of business and love. 
I was in a dungeon.|To dream of being in a dungeon, foretells for you struggles with the vital affairs of life but by wise dealing you will disenthrall yourself of obstacles and the designs of enemies. For a woman this is a dark foreboding; by her wilful indiscretion she will lose her position among honorable people. 
I saw a dungeon lighted up.|To see a dungeon lighted up, portends that you are threatened with entanglements of which your better judgment warns you. 
I saw my friends dwarfed.|To see your friends dwarfed, denotes their health, and you will have many pleasures through them. 
I saw the dyeing of cloth or garments in process.|To see the dyeing of cloth or garments in process, your bad or good luck depends on the color.  Blues, reds and gold, indicate prosperity; black and white, indicate sorrow in all forms. 
I died.|To dream of dying, foretells that you are threatened with evil from a source that has contributed to your former advancement and enjoyment. 
I saw others dying.|To see others dying, forebodes general ill luck to you and to your friends. 
I died.|To dream that you are going to die, denotes that unfortunate inattention to your affairs will depreciate their value. Illness threatens to damage you also. 
I was going to die.|To dream that you are going to die, denotes that unfortunate inattention to your affairs will depreciate their value. Illness threatens to damage you also. 
I saw animals in the throes of death.|To see animals in the throes of death, denotes escape from evil influences if the animal be wild or savage. 
I saw dynamite.|To see dynamite in a dream, is a sign of approaching change and the expanding of one's affairs.  To be frightened by it, indicates that a secret enemy is at work against you, and if you are not careful of your conduct he will disclose himself at an unexpected and helpless moment. 
I saw one soaring above me.|To see one soaring above you, denotes lofty ambitions which you will struggle fiercely to realize, nevertheless you will gain your desires. 
I saw one perched on distant heights.|To see one perched on distant heights, denotes that you will possess fame, wealth and the highest position attainable in your country. 
I saw young eagles in their eyrie.|To see young eagles in their eyrie, signifies your association with people of high standing, and that you will profit from wise counsel from them. You will in time come into a rich legacy. 
I killed an eagle.|To dream that you kill an eagle, portends that no obstacles whatever would be allowed to stand before you and the utmost heights of your ambition. You will overcome your enemies and be possessed of untold wealth. 
I saw a dead eagle killed by others than myself.|To see a dead eagle killed by others than yourself, signifies high rank and fortune will be wrested from you ruthlessly. 
I rode on an eagle 's back.|To ride on an eagle's back, denotes that you will make a long voyage into almost unexplored countries in your search for knowledge and wealth which you will eventually gain. 
I saw ears.|To dream of seeing ears, an evil and designing person is keeping watch over your conversation to work you harm. 
I saw earrings.|To see earrings in dreams, omens good news and interesting work is before you.  To see them broken, indicates that gossip of a low order will be directed against you. 
I saw or feel the earthquake.|To see or feel the earthquake in your dream, denotes business failure and much distress caused from turmoils and wars between nations. 
I saw an earwig or had one in my ear.|To dream that you see an earwig or have one in your ear, denotes that you will have unpleasant news affecting your business or family relations. 
I was done eating.|If your daughter carries away the platter of meat before you are done eating, it foretells that you will have trouble and vexation from those beneath you or dependent upon you. The same would apply to a waiter or waitress. 
I was anxious to obtain an education.|To dream that you are anxious to obtain an education, shows that whatever your circumstances in life may be there will be a keen desire for knowledge on your part, which will place you on a higher plane than your associates. Fortune will also be more lenient to you. 
I obtained an education.|To dream that you are anxious to obtain an education, shows that whatever your circumstances in life may be there will be a keen desire for knowledge on your part, which will place you on a higher plane than your associates. Fortune will also be more lenient to you. 
I was in places of learning.|To dream that you are in places of learning, foretells for you many influential friends. 
I saw an eel in clear water.|To see an eel in clear water, denotes, for a woman, new but evanescent pleasures. 
I saw a dead eel.|To see a dead eel, signifies that you will overcome your most maliciously inclined enemies.  To lovers, the dream denotes an end to long and hazardous courtship by marriage. 
I found a nest of eggs.|To dream of finding a nest of eggs, denotes wealth of a substantial character, happiness among the married and many children. This dream signifies many and varied love affairs to women. 
I ate eggs.|To eat eggs, denotes that unusual disturbances threaten you in your home. 
I saw broken eggs and they was fresh.|To see broken eggs and they are fresh, fortune is ready to shower upon you her richest gifts.  A lofty spirit and high regard for justice will make you beloved by the world. 
I saw a crate of eggs.|To see a crate of eggs, denotes that you will engage in profitable speculations. 
I was spattered with eggs.|To dream of being spattered with eggs, denotes that you will sport riches of doubtful origin. 
I saw bird eggs.|To see bird eggs, signifies legacies from distant relations, or gain from an unexpected rise in staple products. 
I saw elbows.|To see elbows in a dream, signifies that arduous labors will devolve upon you, and for which you will receive small reimbursements. 
I saw elderberries on bushes with their foliage.|To dream of seeing elderberries on bushes with their foliage, denotes domestic bliss and an agreeable county home with resources for travel and other pleasures. 
I was at an election.|To dream that you are at an election, foretells you will engage in some controversy which will prove detrimental to your social or financial standing. 
I saw live electrical wire.|To see live electrical wire, foretells that enemies will disturb your plans, which have given you much anxiety in forming. To dream that you can send a package or yourself out over a wire with the same rapidity that a message can be sent, denotes you will finally overcome obstacles and be able to use your enemies' plans to advance yourself. 
I rode an elephant.|To dream of riding an elephant, denotes that you will possess wealth of the most solid character, and honors which you will wear with dignity. You will rule absolutely in all lines of your business affairs and your word will be law in the home. 
I saw many elephants.|To see many elephants, denotes tremendous prosperity.  One lone elephant, signifies you will live in a small but solid way. 
I feeed one.|To dream of feeding one, denotes that you will elevate yourself in your community by your kindness to those occupying places below you. 
I ascended in an elevator.|To dream of ascending in an elevator, denotes you will swiftly rise to position and wealth, but if you descend in one your misfortunes will crush and discourage you.  If you see one go down and think you are left, you will narrowly escape disappointment in some undertaking. To see one standing, foretells threatened danger. 
I did not approve.|To dream of your friend eloping with one whom you do not approve, denotes that you will soon hear of them contracting a disagreeable marriage. 
I thought I was eloquent of speech.|If you think you are eloquent of speech in your dreams, there will be pleasant news for you concerning one in whose interest you are working. 
I was eloquent of speech.|If you think you are eloquent of speech in your dreams, there will be pleasant news for you concerning one in whose interest you are working. 
I failed in impressing others with my eloquence.|To fail in impressing others with your eloquence, there will be much disorder in your affairs. 
I saw embalming in process.|To see embalming in process, foretells altered positions in social life and threatened poverty.  To dream that you are looking at yourself embalmed, omens unfortunate friendships for you, which will force you into lower classes than you are accustomed to move in. 
I embraced my husband or wife.|To dream of embracing your husband or wife, as the case may be, in a sorrowing or indifferent way, denotes that you will have dissensions and accusations in your family, also that sickness is threatened. 
I embraced relatives.|To embrace relatives, signifies their sickness and unhappiness. 
I embraced.|For lovers to dream of embracing, foretells quarrels and disagreements arising from infidelity.  If these dreams take place under auspicious conditions, the reverse may be expected. 
I embraced a stranger.|If you embrace a stranger, it signifies that you will have an unwelcome guest. 
I saw an emerald or emeralds on the person of my affianced.|For a lover to see an emerald or emeralds on the person of his affianced, warns him that he is about to be discarded for some wealthier suitor. 
I bought an emerald.|To dream that you buy an emerald, signifies unfortunate dealings. 
I went abroad and meeting the emperor of a nation in my travels.|To dream of going abroad and meeting the emperor of a nation in your travels, denotes that you will make a long journey, which will bring neither pleasure nor much knowledge. 
I was out of work.|To dream of being out of work, denotes that you will have no fear, as you are always sought out for your conscientious fulfilment of contracts, which make you a desired help. 
I was under the spell of enchantment.|To dream of being under the spell of enchantment, denotes that if you are not careful you will be exposed to some evil in the form of pleasure. The young should heed the benevolent advice of their elders. 
I resisted enchantment.|To resist enchantment, foretells that you will be much sought after for your wise counsels and your liberality. 
I tried to enchant others.|To dream of trying to enchant others, portends that you will fall into evil. 
I enchanted others.|To dream of trying to enchant others, portends that you will fall into evil. 
I saw or searching through encyclopedias.|To dream of seeing or searching through encyclopedias, portends that you will secure literary ability to the losing of prosperity and comfort. 
I was defamed by my enemies.|If you are defamed by your enemies, it denotes that you will be threatened with failures in your work.  You will be wise to use the utmost caution in proceeding in affairs of any moment. 
I overcame my enemies in any form.|To overcome your enemies in any form, signifies your gain. For them to get the better of you is ominous of adverse fortunes. This dream may be literal. 
I broke an engagement.|To dream of breaking an engagement, denotes a hasty, and an unwise action in some important matter or disappointments may follow. 
I saw an engineer.|To see an engineer, forebodes weary journeys but joyful reunions. 
I tore the entrails of another.|To tear the entrails of another, signifies cruel persecutions to further your own interests. 
I entertained envy for others.|To dream that you entertain envy for others, denotes that you will make warm friends by your unselfish deference to the wishes of others. 
I wore epaulets.|For a man to dream of wearing epaulets, if he is a soldier, denotes his disfavor for a time, but he will finally wear honors. 
I was introduced to a person wearing epaulets.|For a woman to dream that she is introduced to a person wearing epaulets, denotes that she will form unwise attachments, very likely to result in scandal. 
I sat at the table with an epicure.|To dream of sitting at the table with an epicure, denotes that you will enjoy some fine distinction, but you will be surrounded by people of selfish principles. 
I tried to satisfy an epicure.|For a woman to dream of trying to satisfy an epicure, signifies that she will have a distinguished husband, but to her he will be a tyrant. 
I satisfied an epicure.|For a woman to dream of trying to satisfy an epicure, signifies that she will have a distinguished husband, but to her he will be a tyrant. 
I wore this beautiful and costly raiment.|To dream that you wear this beautiful and costly raiment, denotes exaltation, lofty character and wealth forming a barrier to want and misery. 
I saw others thus clothed.|To see others thus clothed, you will be associated with wealthy people, polished in literature and art. 
I saw my sweetheart clothed in ermine.|For a lover to see his sweetheart clothed in ermine, is an omen of purity and faithfulness.  If the ermine is soiled, the reverse is indicated. 
I went on errands.|To go on errands in your dreams, means congenial associations and mutual agreement in the home circle.  For a young woman to send some person on an errand, denotes she will lose her lover by her indifference to meet his wishes. 
I scaped from some place of confinement.|If you escape from some place of confinement, it signifies your rise in the world from close application to business. 
I scaped from any contagion.|To escape from any contagion, denotes your good health and prosperity. If you try to escape and fail, you will suffer from the design of enemies, who will slander and defraud you. 
I came into the ownership of a vast estate.|To dream that you come into the ownership of a vast estate, denotes that you will receive a legacy at some distant day, but quite different to your expectations.  For a young woman, this dream portends that her inheritance will be of a disappointing nature. She will have to live quite frugally, as her inheritance will be a poor man and a house full of children. 
I traveled in Europe.|To dream of traveling in Europe, foretells that you will soon go on a long journey, which will avail you in the knowledge you gain of the manners and customs of foreign people. You will also be enabled to forward your financial standing. For a young woman to feel that she is disappointed with the sights of Europe, omens her inability to appreciate chances for her elevation. She will be likely to disappoint her friends or lover. 
I impersonated Eve.|For a young woman to dream that she impersonates Eve, warns her to be careful.  She may be wiser than her ancient relative, but the Evil One still has powerful agents in the disguise of a handsome man.  Keep your eye on innocent Eve, young man. That apple tree still bears fruit, and you may be persuaded, unwittingly, to share the wealth of its products. 
I saw stars shining out clear.|To see stars shining out clear, denotes present distress, but brighter fortune is behind your trouble. 
I walked in the evening.|For lovers to walk in the evening, denotes separation by the death of one. 
I saw an execution.|To dream of seeing an execution, signifies that you will suffer some misfortune from the carelessness of others. 
I was about to be executed.|To dream that you are about to be executed, and some miraculous intervention occurs, denotes that you will overthrow enemies and succeed in gaining wealth. 
I was executed.|To dream that you are about to be executed, and some miraculous intervention occurs, denotes that you will overthrow enemies and succeed in gaining wealth. 
I was exiled.|For a woman to dream that she is exiled, denotes that she will have to make a journey which will interfere with some engagement or pleasure. 
I saw the air filled with smoke and de'bris.|To see the air filled with smoke and de'bris, denotes unusual dissatisfaction in business circles and much social antagonism. 
I was enveloped in the flames.|To think you are enveloped in the flames, or are up in the air where you have been blown by an explosion, foretells that unworthy friends will infringe on your rights and will abuse your confidence. Young women should be careful of associates of the opposite sex after a dream of this character. 
I thought I was enveloped in the flames.|To think you are enveloped in the flames, or are up in the air where you have been blown by an explosion, foretells that unworthy friends will infringe on your rights and will abuse your confidence. Young women should be careful of associates of the opposite sex after a dream of this character. 
I saw an eye.|To dream of seeing an eye, warns you that watchful enemies are seeking the slightest chance to work injury to your business. This dream indicates to a lover, that a rival will usurp him if he is not careful. 
I lost an eye.|To dream of losing an eye, or that the eyes are sore, denotes trouble. 
I saw a one-eyed man.|To see a one-eyed man, denotes that you will be threatened with loss and trouble, beside which all others will appear insignificant. 
I saw or wearing an eyeglass.|To dream of seeing or wearing an eyeglass, denotes you will be afflicted with disagreeable friendships, from which you will strive vainly to disengage yourself.  For a young woman to see her lover with an eyeglass on, omens disruption of love affairs. 
I read or telling fables.|To dream of reading or telling fables, denotes pleasant tasks and a literary turn of mind.  To the young, it signifies romantic attachments. 
I heard.|To hear, or tell, religious fables, denotes that the dreamer will become very devotional. 
I saw happy and bright faced.|This dream is favorable if you see happy and bright faces, but significant of trouble if they are disfigured, ugly, or frowning on you. 
I saw a strange and weird-looking face.|To see a strange and weird-looking face, denotes that enemies and misfortunes surround you. 
I saw my own face.|To dream of seeing your own face, denotes unhappiness; and to the married, threats of divorce will be made. 
I saw my face in a mirror.|To see your face in a mirror, denotes displeasure with yourself for not being able to carry out plans for self-advancement. You will also lose the esteem of friends. 
I walked on burning fagots.|If you walk on burning fagots, you will be injured by the unwise actions of friends.  If you succeed in walking on them without being burned, you will have a miraculous rise in prospects. 
I burnt me at the stake.|To dream of seeing fagots piled up to burn you at the stake, signifies that you are threatened with loss, but if you escape, you will enjoy a long and prosperous life. 
I saw fagots piled up to burn me at the stake.|To dream of seeing fagots piled up to burn you at the stake, signifies that you are threatened with loss, but if you escape, you will enjoy a long and prosperous life. 
I was a failure.|For a young woman to dream that her life is going to be a failure, denotes that she is not applying her opportunities to good advantage. 
I had made a failure.|For a business man to dream that he has made a failure, forebodes loss and bad management, which should be corrected, or failure threatens to materialize in earnest. 
I was at a fair.|To dream of being at a fair, denotes that you will have a pleasant and profitable business and a congenial companion. 
I sustained a fall.|To dream that you sustain a fall, and are much frightened, denotes that you will undergo some great struggle, but will eventually rise to honor and wealth; but if you are injured in the fall, you will encounter hardships and loss of friends. 
I was famous.|To dream of being famous, denotes disappointed aspirations. To dream of famous people, portends your rise from obscurity to places of honor. 
I saw my enemies perishing by famine.|If you see your enemies perishing by famine, you will be successful in competition.  If dreams of famine should break in wild confusion over slumbers, tearing up all heads in anguish, filling every soul with care, hauling down Hope's banners, somber with omens of misfortune and despair, your waking grief more poignant still must grow ere you quench ambition and en{??}y{envy??} overthrow. 
I was famishing.|To dream that you are famishing, foretells that you are meeting disheartening failure in some enterprise which you considered a promising success. To see others famishing, brings sorrow to others as well as to yourself. 
I saw a fan.|To see a fan in your dreams, denotes pleasant news and surprises are awaiting you in the near future.  For a young woman to dream of fanning herself, or that some one is fanning her, gives promise of a new and pleasing acquaintances; if she loses an old fan, she will find that a warm friend is becoming interested in other women. 
I bid my lover farewell.|For a young woman to bid her lover farewell, portends his indifference to her.  If she feels no sadness in this farewell, she will soon find others to comfort her. 
I was living on a farm.|To dream that you are living on a farm, denotes that you will be fortunate in all undertakings. 
I was buying a farm.|To dream that you are buying a farm, denotes abundant crops to the farmer, a profitable deal of some kind to the business man, and a safe voyage to travelers and sailors. 
I was visiting a farm.|If you are visiting a farm, it signifies pleasant associations. 
I was getting fat.|To dream that you are getting fat, denotes that you are about to make a fortunate change in your life. 
I saw others fat.|To see others fat, signifies prosperity. 
I felt fatigued.|To feel fatigued in a dream, foretells ill health or oppression in business. For a young woman to see others fatigued, indicates discouraging progress in health. 
I asked favors of anyone.|To dream that you ask favors of anyone, denotes that you will enjoy abundance, and that you will not especially need anything. 
I saw a fawn.|To dream of seeing a fawn, denotes that you will have true and upright friends. 
I felt fear from any cause.|To dream that you feel fear from any cause, denotes that your future engagements will not prove so successful as was expected. 
I saw feathers falling around me.|To dream of seeing feathers falling around you, denotes that your burdens in life will be light and easily borne. 
I saw eagle feathers.|To see eagle feathers, denotes that your aspirations will be realized. 
I saw chicken feathers.|To see chicken feathers, denotes small annoyances. To dream of buying or selling geese or duck feathers, denotes thrift and fortune. 
I saw ostrich and other ornamental feathers.|For a woman to dream of seeing ostrich and other ornamental feathers, denotes that she will advance in society, but her ways of gaining favor will not bear imitating. 
I was feeble.|To dream of being feeble, denotes unhealthy occupation and mental worry. Seek to make a change for yourself after this dream. 
I saw my own feet.|To dream of seeing your own feet, is omnious{sic} of despair. You will be overcome by the will and temper of another. To see others' feet, denotes that you will maintain your rights in a pleasant, but determined way, and win for yourself a place above the common walks of life. 
I washed my feet.|To dream that you wash your feet, denotes that you will let others take advantage of you. 
I saw my feet swollen and red.|To see your feet swollen and red, you will make a sudden change in your business by separating from your family. This is an evil dream, as it usually foretells scandal and sensation. 
I climbed to the top of a fence.|To dream of climbing to the top of a fence, denotes that success will crown your efforts. 
I fell from a fence.|To fall from a fence, signifies that you will undertake a project for which you are incapable, and you will see your efforts come to naught. 
I was seated on a fence with others.|To be seated on a fence with others, and have it fall under you, denotes an accident in which some person will be badly injured. 
I climbed through a fence.|To dream that you climb through a fence, signifies that you will use means not altogether legitimate to reach your desires. 
I threw the fence down and walk into the other side.|To throw the fence down and walk into the other side, indicates that you will, by enterprise and energy, overcome the stubbornest barriers between you and success. 
I saw stock jumping a fence.|To see stock jumping a fence, if into your enclosure, you will receive aid from unexpected sources; if out of your lot, loss in trade and other affairs may follow. 
I built a fence.|To dream of building a fence, denotes that you are, by economy and industry, laying a foundation for future wealth. For a young woman, this dream denotes success in love affairs; or the reverse, if she dreams of the fence falling, or that she falls from it. 
I saw ferns.|To see ferns in dreams, foretells that pleasant hours will break up gloomy forebodings.  To see them withered, indicates that much and varied illness in your family connections will cause you grave unrest. 
I waited at a ferry for a boat and see the waters swift and muddy.|To wait at a ferry for a boat and see the waters swift and muddy, you will be baffled in your highest wishes and designs by unforeseen circumstances. 
I crossed a ferry while the water was calm and clear.|To cross a ferry while the water is calm and clear, you will be very lucky in carrying out your plans, and fortune will crown you. 
I was at a festival.|To dream of being at a festival, denotes indifference to the cold realities of life, and a love for those pleasures that make one old before his time. You will never want, but will be largely dependent on others. 
I was stricken with this malady.|To dream that you are stricken with this malady, signifies that you are worrying over trifling affairs while the best of life is slipping past you, and you should pull yourself into shape and engage in profitable work. 
I saw some of my family sick with fever.|To dream of seeing some of your family sick with fever, denotes temporary illness for some of them. 
I saw green fields.|To see green fields, or ripe with corn or grain, denotes great abundance and happiness to all classes. 
I saw newly plowed fields.|To see newly plowed fields, denotes early rise in wealth and fortunate advancement to places of honor. 
I saw fields freshly harrowed and ready for planting.|To see fields freshly harrowed and ready for planting, denotes that you are soon to benefit by your endeavor and long struggles for success. 
I heard a fife.|To dream of hearing a fife, denotes that there will be an unexpected call on you to defend your honor, or that of some person near to you. 
I played one myself.|To dream that you play one yourself, indicates that whatever else may be said of you, your reputation will remain intact. If a woman has this dream, she will have a soldier husband. 
I engaged in a fight.|To dream that you engage in a fight, denotes that you will have unpleasant encounters with your business opponents, and law suits threaten you. 
I saw fighting.|To see fighting, denotes that you are squandering your time and money. For women, this dream is a warning against slander and gossip. 
I saw me lover fighting.|For a young woman to see her lover fighting, is a sign of his unworthiness. 
I was defeated in a fight.|To dream that you are defeated in a fight, signifies that you will lose your right to property. 
I whipped my assailant.|To whip your assailant, denotes that you will, by courage and perseverance, win honor and wealth in spite of opposition. 
I saw two men fighting with pistols.|To dream that you see two men fighting with pistols, denotes many worries and perplexities, while no real loss is involved in the dream, yet but small profit is predicted and some unpleasantness is denoted. 
I was on my way home and negroes attacked me with razors.|To dream that you are on your way home and negroes attack you with razors, you will be disappointed in your business, you will be much vexed with servants, and home associations will be unpleasant. 
I was fighting negroes.|To dream that you are fighting negroes, you will be annoyed by them or by some one of low character. 
I saw figs growing.|For a young woman to see figs growing, signifies that she will soon wed a wealthy and prominent man. 
I ate them.|To dream of eating them, signifies to the young, delightful associations and many true friends. 
I saw a file.|To dream that you see a file, signifies that you will transact some business which will prove unsatisfactory in the extreme. 
I saw files.|To see files, to store away bills and other important papers, foretells animated discussions over subjects which bear relation to significant affairs, and which will cause you much unrest and disquiet. Unfavorable predictions for the future are also implied in this dream. 
I saw my fingers soiled or scratched.|To dream of seeing your fingers soiled or scratched, with the blood exuding, denotes much trouble and suffering. You will despair of making your way through life. 
I saw beautiful hands.|To see beautiful hands, with white fingers, denotes that your love will be requited and that you will become renowned for your benevolence. 
I saw well-kept nails.|To see well-kept nails, indicates scholarly tastes and some literary attainments; also, thrift. 
I saw my home burning.|To dream of seeing your home burning, denotes a loving companion, obedient children, and careful servants. 
I was fighting fire and did not get burned.|To dream that he is fighting fire and does not get burned, denotes that he will be much worked and worried as to the conduct of his business. To see the ruins of his store after a fire, forebodes ill luck. He will be almost ready to give up the effort of amassing a handsome fortune and a brilliant business record as useless, but some unforeseen good fortune will bear him up again. 
I saw a large conflagration.|To see a large conflagration, denotes to sailors a profitable and safe voyage.  To men of literary affairs, advancement and honors; to business people, unlimited success. 
I saw a fire-engine.|To see a fire-engine, denotes worry under extraordinary circumstances, but which will result in good fortune.  To see one broken down, foretells accident or serious loss For a young woman to ride on one, denotes she will engage in some unladylike and obnoxious affair. 
I saw a fireman.|To see a fireman in your dreams, signifies the constancy of your friends. For a young woman to see a fireman crippled, or meet with an accident otherwise, implies grave danger is threatening a close friend. 
I saw fireworks.|To see fireworks, indicates enjoyment and good health. For a young woman, this dream signifies entertainments and pleasant visiting to distant places. 
I saw the firmament illuminated and filled with the heavenly hosts.|To see the firmament illuminated and filled with the heavenly hosts, denotes great spiritual research, but a final pulling back on Nature for sustenance and consolation.  You will often be disappointed in fortune also. 
I knew in the firmament.|To see people you know in the firmament, signifies that they are about to commit some unwise act through you, and others must be the innocent sufferers.  Great disasters usually follow this dream. 
I saw people me knew in the firmament.|To see people you know in the firmament, signifies that they are about to commit some unwise act through you, and others must be the innocent sufferers.  Great disasters usually follow this dream. 
I saw fish in clear-water streams.|To dream that you see fish in clear-water streams, denotes that you will be favored by the rich and powerful. 
I saw fish.|For a young woman to dream of seeing fish, portends that she will have a handsome and talented lover. 
I caught a catfish.|To dream of catching a catfish, denotes that you will be embarrassed by evil designs of enemies, but your luck and presence of mind will tide you safely over the trouble. 
I waded in water.|To wade in water, catching fish, denotes that you will possess wealth acquired by your own ability and enterprise. 
I visited a fish market.|To visit a fish market in your dream, brings competence and pleasure. 
I saw decayed fish.|To see decayed fish, foretells distress will come in the guise of happiness. 
I fell into a clear pond.|For a young woman to fall into a clear pond, omens decided good fortune and reciprocal love.  If muddy, the opposite is foretold. 
I had fits.|To dream of having fits, denotes that you will fall a prey to ill health and will lose employment. 
I saw others in this plight.|To see others in this plight, denotes that you will have much unpleasantness in your circle, caused by quarrels from those under you. 
I was signaled by a flag.|To dream of being signaled by a flag, denotes that you should be careful of your health and name, as both are threatened. 
I saw flax.|To see flax in a dream, prosperous enterprises are denoted. 
I saw a large fleet moving rapidly.|To see a large fleet moving rapidly in your dreams, denotes a hasty change in the business world.  Where dulness oppressed, brisk workings of commercial wheels will go forward and some rumors of foreign wars will be heard. 
I saw anything fleeing from me.|To see anything fleeing from you, denotes that you will be victorious in any contention. 
I floated.|To dream of floating, denotes that you will victoriously overcome obstacles which are seemingly overwhelming you. If the water is muddy your victories will not be gratifying. 
I dealt in flour.|To dream of dealing in flour, denotes hazardous speculations. 
I saw flowers blooming in gardens.|To dream of seeing flowers blooming in gardens, signifies pleasure and gain, if bright-hued and fresh; white denotes sadness.  Withered and dead flowers, signify disappointments and gloomy situations. 
I received a bouquet of mixed flowers.|For a young woman to receive a bouquet of mixed flowers, foretells that she will have many admirers. 
I saw flowers blooming in barren soil without vestage of foliage.|To see flowers blooming in barren soil without vestage of foliage, foretells you will have some grievous experience, but your energy and cheerfulness will enable you to climb through these to prominence and happiness. 
I played a flute.|For a young woman to dream of playing a flute, denotes that she will fall in love because of her lover's engaging manners. 
I had flux.|To dream of having flux, or thinking that you are thus afflicted, denotes desperate or fatal illness will overtake you or some member of your family.  To see others thus afflicted, implies disappointment in carrying out some enterprise through the neglect of others. Inharmonious states will vex you. 
I flew high through a space.|To dream of flying high through a space, denotes marital calamities. 
I flew low.|To fly low, almost to the ground, indicates sickness and uneasy states from which the dreamer will recover. 
I flew over muddy water.|To fly over muddy water, warns you to keep close with your private affairs, as enemies are watching to enthrall you. 
I flew over broken places.|To fly over broken places, signifies ill luck and gloomy surroundings. If you notice green trees and vegetation below you in flying, you will suffer temporary embarrassment, but will have a flood of prosperity upon you. 
I saw the sun while flying.|To dream of seeing the sun while flying, signifies useless worries, as your affairs will succeed despite your fears of evil. 
I flew through the firmament passing the moon and other planets.|To dream of flying through the firmament passing the moon and other planets; foretells famine, wars, and troubles of all kinds. 
I flew with black wings.|To dream that you fly with black wings, portends bitter disappointments. To fall while flying, signifies your downfall.  If you wake while falling, you will succeed in reinstating yourself. 
I was flying with white wings above green foliage.|For a young man to dream that he is flying with white wings above green foliage, foretells advancement in business, and he will also be successful in love.  If he dreams this often it is a sign of increasing prosperity and the fulfilment of desires.  If the trees appear barren or dead, there will be obstacles to combat in obtaining desires. He will get along, but his work will bring small results. 
I flew from one city to another.|For a woman to dream of flying from one city to another, and alighting on church spires, foretells she will have much to contend against in the way of false persuasions and declarations of love. She will be threatened with a disastrous season of ill health, and the death of some one near to her may follow. 
I was shot at while flying.|For a young woman to dream that she is shot at while flying, denotes enemies will endeavor to restrain her advancement into higher spheres of usefulness and prosperity. 
I saw a flying machine.|To dream of seeing a flying machine, foretells that you will make satisfactory progress in your future speculations. To see one failing to work, foretells gloomy returns for much disturbing and worrisome planning. 
I saw a fly-trap.|To see a fly-trap in a dream, is signal of malicious designing against you. To see one full of flies, denotes that small embarrassments will ward off greater ones. 
I traveled through a dense fog.|To dream of traveling through a dense fog, denotes much trouble and business worries.  To emerge from it, foretells a weary journey, but profitable. 
I was in a fog.|For a young woman to dream of being in a fog, denotes that she will be mixed up in a salacious scandal, but if she gets out of the fog she will prove her innocence and regain her social standing. 
I crossed a clear stream of water on a foot-log.|To dream of crossing a clear stream of water on a foot-log, denotes pleasant employment and profit.  If the water is thick and muddy, it indicates loss and temporary disturbance. For a woman this dream indicates either a quarrelsome husband, or one of mild temper and regular habits, as the water is muddy or clear. 
I fell from a foot-log into clear water.|To fall from a foot-log into clear water, signifies short widowhood terminating in an agreeable marriage.  If the water is not clear, gloomy prospects. 
I found myself in a dense forest.|To dream that you find yourself in a dense forest, denotes loss in trade, unhappy home influences and quarrels among families. If you are cold and feel hungry, you will be forced to make a long journey to settle some unpleasant affair. 
I saw a forest of stately trees in foliage.|To see a forest of stately trees in foliage, denotes prosperity and pleasures.  To literary people, this dream foretells fame and much appreciation from the public. A young lady relates the following dream and its fulfilment: ``I was in a strange forest of what appeared to be cocoanut trees, with red and yellow berries growing on them. The ground was covered with blasted leaves, and I could hear them crackle under my feet as I wandered about lost. The next afternoon I received a telegram announcing the death of a dear cousin.'' 
I passed my hand over the forehead of my child.|To pass your hand over the forehead of your child, indicates sincere praises from friends, because of some talent and goodness displayed by your children. 
I kissed the forehead of my lover.|For a young woman to dream of kissing the forehead of her lover, signifies that he will be displeased with her for gaining notice by indiscreet conduct. 
I saw anything ill formed.|To see anything ill formed, denotes disappointment.  To have a beautiful form, denotes favorable conditions to health and business. 
I forsook my home or friend.|For a young woman to dream of forsaking her home or friend, denotes that she will have troubles in love, as her estimate of her lover will decrease with acquaintance and association. 
I defended a fort.|To dream of defending a fort, signifies your honor and possessions will be attacked, and you will have great worry over the matter. 
I attacked a fort and take it.|To dream that you attack a fort and take it, denotes victory over your worst enemy, and fortunate engagements. 
I was confined in a fortress.|To dream that you are confined in a fortress, denotes that enemies will succeed in placing you in an undesirable situation. 
I put others in a fortress.|To put others in a fortress, denotes your ability to rule in business or over women. 
I told.|To dream of telling, or having your fortune told, it dicates that you are deliberating over some vexed affair, and you should use much caution in giving consent to its consummation.  For a young woman, this portends a choice between two rivals.  She will be worried to find out the standing of one in business and social circles. To dream that she is engaged to a fortune-teller, denotes that she has gone through the forest and picked the proverbial stick. She should be self-reliant, or poverty will attend her marriage. 
I saw a clear fountain sparkling in the sunlight.|To dream that you see a clear fountain sparkling in the sunlight, denotes vast possessions, ecstatic delights and many pleasant journeys. 
I saw a sparkling fountain in the moonlight.|For a young woman to see a sparkling fountain in the moonlight, signifies ill-advised pleasure which may result in a desertion. 
I saw fowls.|To dream of seeing fowls, denotes temporary worry or illness. For a woman to dream of fowls, indicates a short illness or disagreement with her friends. 
I chased a fox.|To dream of chasing a fox, denotes that you are en gaging in doubtful speculations and risky love affairs. 
I saw a fox slyly coming into my yard.|If you see a fox slyly coming into your yard, beware of envious friendships; your reputation is being slyly assailed. 
I killed a fox.|To kill a fox, denotes that you will win in every engagement. 
I was defrauding a person.|To dream that you are defrauding a person, denotes that you will deceive your employer for gain, indulge in degrading pleasures, and fall into disrepute. 
I was defrauded.|If you are defrauded, it signifies the useless attempt of enemies to defame you and cause you loss. 
I accused some one of defrauding me.|To accuse some one of defrauding you, you will be offered a place of high honor. 
I saw my friend troubled and haggard.|To see your friend troubled and haggard, sickness or distress is upon them. 
I saw my friends dark-colored.|To see your friends dark-colored, denotes unusual sickness or trouble to you or to them.  To see them take the form of animals, signifies that enemies will separate you from your closest relations. 
I saw my friend who dressed in somber colors in flaming red.|To see your friend who dresses in somber colors in flaming red, foretells that unpleasant things will transpire, causing you anxiety if not loss, and that friends will be implicated. 
I saw a friend standing like a statue on a hill.|To dream you see a friend standing like a statue on a hill, denotes you will advance beyond present pursuits, but will retain former impressions of justice and knowledge, seeking these through every change. If the figure below be low, you will ignore your friends of former days in your future advancement.  If it is on a plane or level with you, you will fail in your ambition to reach other spheres. If you seem to be going from it, you will force yourself to seek a change in spite of friendly ties or self-admonition. 
I saw a friend with a white cloth tied over my face.|To dream you see a friend with a white cloth tied over his face, denotes that you will be injured by some person who will endeavor to keep up friendly relations with you. 
I was shaking hands with a person who had wronged me.|To dream that you are shaking hands with a person who has wronged you, and he is taking his departure and looks sad, foretells you will have differences with a close friend and alienation will perhaps follow. You are most assuredly nearing loss of some character. 
I was frightened at anything.|To dream that you are frightened at anything, denotes temporary and fleeting worries. 
I caught frogs.|To dream of catching frogs, denotes carelessness in watching after your health, which may cause no little distress among those of your family. 
I saw frogs in the grass.|To see frogs in the grass, denotes that you will have a pleasant and even-tempered friend as your confidant and counselor. 
I saw a bullfrog.|To see a bullfrog, denotes, for a woman, marriage with a wealthy widower, but there will be children with him to be cared for. 
I saw frogs in low marshy places.|To see frogs in low marshy places, foretells trouble, but you will overcome it by the kindness of others. 
I saw frost on a dark gloomy morning.|To dream of seeing frost on a dark gloomy morning, signifies exile to a strange country, but your wanderings will end in peace. 
I saw frost on a small sunlit landscape.|To see frost on a small sunlit landscape, signifies gilded pleasures from which you will be glad to turn later in life, and by your exemplary conduct will succeed in making your circle forget past escapades. 
I saw a friend in a frost.|To dream that you see a friend in a frost, denotes a love affair in which your rival will be worsted.  For a young woman, this dream signifies the absence of her lover and danger of his affections waning. This dream is bad for all classes in business and love. 
I saw fruit ripening among its foliage.|To dream of seeing fruit ripening among its foliage, usually foretells to the dreamer a prosperous future. Green fruit signifies disappointed efforts or hasty action. 
I ate green fruit.|For a young woman to dream of eating green fruit, indicates her degradation and loss of inheritance.  Eating fruit is unfavorable usually. 
I bought or sell fruit.|To buy or sell fruit, denotes much business, but not very remunerative. 
I saw or eat ripe fruit.|To see or eat ripe fruit, signifies uncertain fortune and pleasure. 
I saw a funeral.|To see a funeral, denotes an unhappy marriage and sickly offspring. 
I attended a funeral in black.|To attend a funeral in black, foretells an early widowhood. To dream of the funeral of any relative, denotes nervous troubles and family worries. 
I dealt in furs.|To dream of dealing in furs, denotes prosperity and an interest in many concerns. 
I was dressed in fur.|To be dressed in fur, signifies your safety from want and poverty. 
I saw fine fur.|To see fine fur, denotes honor and riches.  For a young woman to dream that she is wearing costly furs, denotes that she will marry a wise man. 
I was caught in a gale.|To dream of being caught in a gale, signifies business losses and troubles for working people. 
I saw a friend on the gallows of execution.|To dream of seeing a friend on the gallows of execution, foretells that desperate emergencies must be met with decision, or a great calamity will befall you. 
I was on a gallows.|To dream that you are on a gallows, denotes that you will suffer from the maliciousness of false friends. 
I saw my lover executed by this meant.|For a young woman to dream that she sees her lover executed by this means, denotes that she will marry an unscrupulous and designing man. 
I rescued any one from the gallows.|If you rescue any one from the gallows, it portends desirable acquisitions. 
I hung an enemy.|To dream that you hang an enemy, denotes victory in all spheres. 
I was gambling and win.|To dream that you are gambling and win, signifies low associations and pleasure at the expense of others. If you lose, it foretells that your disgraceful conduct will be the undoing of one near to you. 
I saw any one afflicted with gangrene.|To dream that you see any one afflicted with gangrene, foretells the death of a parent or near relative. 
I saw heaps of garbage.|To see heaps of garbage in your dreams, indicates thoughts of social scandal and unfavorable business of every character. For females this dream is ominous of disparagement and desertion by lovers. 
I saw a garden.|To see a garden in your dreams, filled with evergreen and flowers, denotes great peace of mind and comfort. 
I saw vegetables.|To see vegetables, denotes misery or loss of fortune and calumny. To females, this dream foretells that they will be famous, or exceedingly happy in domestic circles. 
I walked with one 's lover through a garden where flowering shrubs and plants abounded.|To dream of walking with one's lover through a garden where flowering shrubs and plants abound, indicates unalloyed happiness and independent means. 
I passed through a garlic patch.|To dream of passing through a garlic patch, denotes a rise from penury to prominence and wealth.  To a young woman, this denotes that she will marry from a sense of business, and love will not be considered. 
I ate garlic.|To eat garlic in your dreams, denotes that you will take a sensible view of life and leave its ideals to take care of themselves. 
I climbed to a garret.|To dream of climbing to a garret, denotes your inclination to run after theories while leaving the cold realities of life to others less able to bear them than yourself. To the poor, this dream is an omen of easier circumstances. To a woman, it denotes that her vanity and sefishness{sic} should be curbed. 
I found my lady 's garter.|For a lover to find his lady's garter, foretells that he will lose caste with her.  He will find rivals. 
I lost my garter.|For a woman to dream that she loses her garter, signifies that her lover will be jealous and suspicious of a handsomer person. 
I was admiring beautiful jeweled garters on my limbs.|For a woman to dream that she is admiring beautiful jeweled garters on her limbs, denotes that she will be betrayed in her private movements, and her reputation will hang in the balance of public opinion. If she dreams that her lover fastens them on her, she will hold his affections and faith through all adverse criticisms. 
I extinguished gas.|To extinguish gas, denotes you will ruthlessly destroy your own happiness. To light it, you will easily find a way out of oppressive ill fortune. 
I saw a gas lamp.|To see a gas lamp, denotes progress and pleasant surroundings. To see one explode, or out of order other wise, foretells you are threatened with unseasonable distress. 
I saw or passing through a gate.|To dream of seeing or passing through a gate, foretells that alarming tidings will reach you soon of the absent. Business affairs will not be encouraging. 
I saw a closed gate.|To see a closed gate, inability to overcome present difficulties is predicted.  To lock one, denotes successful enterprises and well chosen friends.  A broken one, signifies failure and discordant surroundings. To be troubled to get through one, or open it, denotes your most engrossing labors will fail to be remunerative or satisfactory. To swing on one, foretells you will engage in idle and dissolute pleasures. 
I was dressed in gauze.|To dream of being dressed in gauze, denotes uncertain fortune. For a lover to see his sweetheart clothed in filmy material, suggests his ability to influence her for good. 
I was annoyed by the quacking of geese.|To dream that you are annoyed by the quacking of geese, denotes a death in your family.  To see them swimming, denotes that your fortune is gradually increasing. 
I saw them in grassy places.|To see them in grassy places, denotes assured success. If you see them dead, you will suffer loss and displeasure. 
I was picking them.|If you are picking them, you will come into an estate. To eat them, denotes that your possessions are disputed. 
I studied geography.|To dream of studying geography, denotes that you will travel much and visit places of renown. 
I saw the ghost of a dead friend.|To see the ghost of a dead friend, foretells that you will make a long journey with an unpleasant companion, and suffer disappointments. 
I spoke to me.|For a ghost to speak to you, you will be decoyed into the hands of enemies. For a woman, this is a prognostication of widowhood and deception. 
I saw an angel or a ghost appear in the sky.|To see an angel or a ghost appear in the sky, denotes the loss of kindred and misfortunes. 
I saw a female ghost on my right in the sky and a male on my left.|To see a female ghost on your right in the sky and a male on your left, both of pleasing countenance, signifies a quick rise from obscurity to fame, but the honor and position will be filled only for a short space, as death will be a visitor and will bear you off. 
I saw a female ghost in long.|To see a female ghost in long, clinging robes floating calmly through the sky, indicates that you will make progression in scientific studies and acquire wealth almost miraculously, but there will be an under note of sadness in your life. 
I saw the ghost of a living relative or friend.|To dream that you see the ghost of a living relative or friend, denotes that you are in danger of some friend's malice, and you are warned to carefully keep your affairs under personal supervision. If the ghost appears to be haggard, it may be the intimation of the early death of that friend. 
I received gifts from any one.|To dream that you receive gifts from any one, denotes that you will not be behind in your payments, and be unusually fortunate in speculations or love matters. 
I sent a gift.|To send a gift, signifies displeasure will be shown you, and ill luck will surround your efforts. 
I ran a gig.|To run a gig in your dream, you will have to forego a pleasant journey to entertain unwelcome visitors.  Sickness also threatens you. 
I wore a girdle.|To dream of wearing a girdle, and it presses you, denotes that you will be influenced by designing people. 
I saw others wearing velvet.|To see others wearing velvet, or jeweled girdles, foretells that you will strive for wealth more than honor. 
I received one.|For a woman to receive one, signifies that honors will be conferred upon her. 
I saw a well.|To dream of seeing a well, bright-looking girl, foretells pleasing prospects and domestic joys.  If she is thin and pale, it denotes that you will have an invalid in your family, and much unpleasantness. 
I was a girl.|For a man to dream that he is a girl, he will be weak-minded, or become an actor and play female parts. 
I was looking through glass.|To dream that you are looking through glass, denotes that bitter disappointments will cloud your brightest hopes. 
I saw my image in a mirror.|To see your image in a mirror, foretells unfaithfulness and neglect in marriage, and fruitless speculations. 
I broke a mirror.|To break a mirror, portends an early and accidental death. 
I received cut glass.|To receive cut glass, denotes that you will be admired for your brilliancy and talent. 
I made presents of cut glass ornaments.|To make presents of cut glass ornaments, signifies that you will fail in your undertakings. 
I saw me lover in a mirror.|For a woman to see her lover in a mirror, denotes that she will have cause to institute a breach of promise suit. 
I saw me husband in a mirror.|For a married woman to see her husband in a mirror, is a warning that she will have cause to feel anxiety for her happiness and honor. 
I looked clearly through a glass window.|To look clearly through a glass window, you will have employment, but will have to work subordinately.  If the glass is clouded, you will be unfortunately situated. 
I saw strange women in a mirror.|For a man to dream of seeing strange women in a mirror, he will ruin his health and business by foolish attachments. 
I saw glass-blowers at their work.|To dream that you see glass-blowers at their work, denotes you will contemplate change in your business, which will appear for the better, but you will make it at a loss to yourself. 
I saw a glass house.|To see a glass house, foretells you are likely to be injured by listening to flattery.  For a young woman to dream that she is living in a glass house, her coming trouble and threatened loss of reputation is emphasized. 
I saw gleaners at work at harvest time.|To see gleaners at work at harvest time, denotes prosperous business, and, to the farmer, a bountiful yield of crops. If you are working with the gleaners, you will come into an estate, after some trouble in establishing rights. For a woman, this dream foretells marriage with a stranger. 
I was surrounded by many gloomy situations.|To be surrounded by many gloomy situations in your dream, warns you of rapidly approaching unpleasantness and loss. 
I wore new gloves.|To dream of wearing new gloves, denotes that you will be cautious and economical in your dealings with others, but not mercenary. You will have law suits, or business troubles, but will settle them satisfactorily to yourself. 
I wore old or ragged gloves.|If you wear old or ragged gloves, you will be betrayed and suffer loss. 
I lost my gloves.|If you dream that you lose your gloves, you will be deserted and earn your own means of livelihood. 
I found a pair of gloves.|To find a pair of gloves, denotes a marriage or new love affair. 
I fastened a lady 's glove.|For a man to fasten a lady's glove, he has, or will have, a woman on his hands who threatens him with exposure. 
I pulled my glove off.|If you pull your glove off, you will meet with poor success in business or love. 
I rode a billy goat.|For a woman to dream of riding a billy goat, denotes that she will be held in disrepute because of her coarse and ill-bred conduct. 
I drank water from a silver goblet.|If you dream that you drink water from a silver goblet, you will meet unfavorable business results in the near future. 
I saw goblets of ancient design.|To see goblets of ancient design, you will receive favors and benefits from strangers. 
I gave a man a glass goblet full of water.|For a woman to give a man a glass goblet full of water, denotes illicit pleasures. 
I handled gold.|If you handle gold in your dream, you will be unusually successful in all enterprises.  For a woman to dream that she receives presents of gold, either money or ornaments, she will marry a wealthy but mercenary man. 
I found gold.|To find gold, indicates that your superior abilities will place you easily ahead in the race for honors and wealth. 
I lost gold.|If you lose gold, you will miss the grandest opportunity of your life through negligence. 
I found a gold vein.|To dream of finding a gold vein, denotes that some uneasy honor will be thrust upon you. 
I contemplated working a gold mine.|If you dream that you contemplate working a gold mine, you will endeavor to usurp the rights of others, and should beware of domestic scandals. 
I was playing golf or watching the game.|To be playing golf or watching the game, denotes that pleasant and successive wishing will be indulged in by you. To see any unpleasantness connected with golf, you will be humiliated by some thoughtless person. 
I heard the sound of a gong.|To hear the sound of a gong while dreaming, denotes false alarm of illness, or loss will vex you excessively. 
I was eating green gooseberries.|If you are eating green gooseberries, you will make a mistake in your course to pleasure, and be precipitated into the vertex of sensationalism. Bad results are sure to follow the tasting of green gooseberries. 
I saw gooseberries.|To see gooseberries in a dream, foretells you will escape some dreaded work. For a young woman to eat them, foretells she will be slightly disappointed in her expectations. 
I was interested in common gossip.|To dream of being interested in common gossip, you will undergo some humiliating trouble caused by overconfidence in transient friendships. 
I was the object of gossip.|If you are the object of gossip, you may expect some pleasurable surprise. 
I was in my nightgown.|If you dream that you are in your nightgown, you will be afflicted with a slight illness.  If you see others thus clad, you will have unpleasant news of absent friends. Business will receive a back set. 
I was studying grammar.|To dream that you are studying grammar, denotes you are soon to make a wise choice in momentous opportunities. 
I heard the gramophone.|To dream of hearing the gramophone, foretells the advent of some new and pleasing comrade who will lend himself willingly to advance your enjoyment. If it is broken, some fateful occurrence will thwart and defeat delights that you hold in anticipation. 
I dreaamed of meeting my grandparents and conversing with them.|To dreaam{sic} of meeting your grandparents and conversing with them, you will meet with difficulties that will be hard to surmount, but by following good advice you will overcome many barriers. 
I ate grapes.|To eat grapes in your dream, you will be hardened with many cares; but if you only see them hanging in profuseness among the leaves, you will soon attain to eminent positions and will be able to impart happiness to others.  For a young woman, this dream is one of bright promise. She will have her most ardent wish gratified. 
I rode on horseback and passing musca-dine bushes and gathering and eating some of its fruit.|To dream of riding on horseback and passing musca-dine bushes and gathering and eating some of its fruit, denotes profitable employment and the realization of great desires.  If there arises in your mind a question of the poisonous quality of the fruit you are eating, there will come doubts and fears of success, but they will gradually cease to worry you. 
I saw a rugged mountain beyond the green expanse of grass.|To see a rugged mountain beyond the green expanse of grass, is momentous of remote trouble. 
I was a perfect dream.|To be a perfect dream, the grass must be clear of obstruction or blemishes. If you dream of withered grass, the reverse is predicted. 
I saw grasshoppers on green vegetables.|To dream of seeing grasshoppers on green vegetables, denotes that enemies threaten your best interests.  If on withered grasses, ill health. Disappointing business will be experienced. 
I saw grasshoppers between me and the sun.|If you see grasshoppers between you and the sun, it denotes that you will have a vexatious problem in your immediate business life to settle, but using caution it will adjust itself in your favor. To call peoples' attention to the grasshoppers, shows that you are not discreet in dispatching your private business. 
I saw a newly made grave.|To dream that you see a newly made grave, you will have to suffer for the wrongdoings of others. 
I visited a newly made grave.|If you visit a newly made grave, dangers of a serious nature is hanging over you.  Grave is an unfortunate dream.  Ill luck in business transactions will follow, also sickness is threatened. 
I looked into an empty grave.|If you look into an empty grave, it denotes disappointment and loss of friends. 
I saw a person in a grave with the earth covering me.|If you see a person in a grave with the earth covering him, except the head, some distressing situation will take hold of that person and loss of property is indicated to the dreamer. 
I saw my own grave.|To see your own grave, foretells that enemies are warily seeking to engulf you in disaster, and if you fail to be watchful they will succeed. 
I dug a grave.|To dream of digging a grave, denotes some uneasiness over some undertaking, as enemies will seek to thwart you, but if you finish the grave you will overcome opposition. If the sun is shining, good will come out of seeming embarrassments. 
I returned for a corpse.|If you return for a corpse, to bury it, and it has disappeared, trouble will come to you from obscure quarters. 
I saw a graveyard barren.|To see a graveyard barren, except on top of the graves, signifies much sorrow and despondency for a time, but greater benefits and pleasure await you if you properly shoulder your burden. 
I saw my own corpse in a grave.|To see your own corpse in a grave, foreshadows hopeless and despairing oppression. 
I saw gravel mixed with dirt.|If you see gravel mixed with dirt, it foretells you will unfortunately speculate and lose good property. 
I ate gravy.|To dream of eating gravy, portends failing health and disappointing business. 
I was in grease.|To dream you are in grease, is significant of travels being enjoyed with disagreeable but polished strangers. 
I read Greek.|To dream of reading Greek, denotes that your ideas will be discussed and finally accepted and put in practical use. To fail to read it, denotes that technical difficulties are in your way. 
I turned a grindstone.|For a person to dream of turning a grindstone, his dream is prophetic of a life of energy and well directed efforts bringing handsome competency. 
I was sharpening tools.|If you are sharpening tools, you will be blessed with a worthy helpmate. 
I dealt in grindstones.|To deal in grindstones, is significant of small but honest gain. 
I heard groaned.|If you hear groans in your dream, decide quickly on your course, for enemies are undermining your business.  If you are groaning with fear, you will be pleasantly surprised at the turn for better in your affairs, and you may look for pleasant visiting among friends. 
I saw a grotto.|To see a grotto in your dreams, is a sign of incomplete and inconstant friendships.  Change from comfortable and simple plenty will make showy poverty unbearable. 
I had a guitar.|To dream that you have a guitar, or is playing one in a dream, signifies a merry gathering and serious love making. For a young woman to think it is unstrung or broken, foretells that disappointments in love are sure to overtake her. 
I played on a guitar.|If you play on a guitar, your family affairs will be harmonious. 
I shot a person with a gun.|If you shoot a person with a gun, you will fall into dishonor. 
I was shot.|If you are shot, you will be annoyed by evil persons, and perhaps suffer an acute illness. 
I found articles of value in a gutter.|To find articles of value in a gutter, your right to certain property will be questioned. 
I had a gypsy tell my fortune.|For a woman to have a gypsy tell her fortune, is an omen of a speedy and unwise marriage.  If she is already married, she will be unduly jealous of her husband. 
I held any conversation with a gypsy.|For a man to hold any conversation with a gypsy, he will be likely to lose valuable property. 
I saw a haggard face.|To see a haggard face in your dreams, denotes misfortune and defeat in love matters. 
I saw my own face haggard and distressed.|To see your own face haggard and distressed, denotes trouble over female affairs, which may render you unable to meet business engagements in a healthy manner. 
I watched hail-stones fell through sunshine and rain.|If you watch hail-stones fall through sunshine and rain, you will be harassed by cares for a time, but fortune will soon smile upon you. For a young woman, this dream indicates love after many slights. 
I heard hail beating the house.|To hear hail beating the house, indicates distressing situations. 
I was thinning my hair.|For a man to dream that he is thinning his hair, foreshadows that he will become poor by his generosity, and suffer illness through mental worry. 
I saw my hair turning gray.|To see your hair turning gray, foretells death and contagion in the family of some relative or some friend. 
I saw myself covered with hair.|To see yourself covered with hair, omens indulgence in vices to such an extent as will debar you from the society of refined people. If a woman, she will resolve herself into a world of her own, claiming the right to act for her own pleasure regardless of moral codes 
I saw brown hair.|If you see brown hair, you will be unfortunate in choosing a career. 
I saw well kept and neatly combed hair.|If you see well kept and neatly combed hair, your fortune will improve. 
I cut my hair close to the scalp.|To dream you cut your hair close to the scalp, denotes that you will be generous to lavishness towards a friend. Frugality will be the fruits growing out therefrom. 
I saw the hair growing out soft and luxuriant.|To see the hair growing out soft and luxuriant, signifies happiness and luxury. 
I compared a white hair with a black one.|For a woman to compare a white hair with a black one, which she takes from her head, foretells that she will be likely to hesitate between two offers of seeming fortune, and unless she uses great care, will choose the one that will afford her loss or distress instead of pleasant fortune. 
I saw tangled and unkempt hair.|To see tangled and unkempt hair, life will be a veritable burden, business will fall off, and the marriage yoke will be troublesome to carry. 
I had my hair cut.|To dream of having your hair cut, denotes serious disappointments. 
I caressed the hair of a woman.|For a man to caress the hair of a woman, shows he will enjoy the love and confidence of some worthy woman who will trust him despite the world's condemnation. 
I saw flowers in my hair.|To see flowers in your hair, foretells troubles approaching which, when they come, will give you less fear than when viewed from a distance. 
I saw one 's hair turn perfectly white in one night.|To see one's hair turn perfectly white in one night, and the face seemingly young, foretells sudden calamity and deep grief. For a young woman to have this dream, signifies that she will lose her lover by a sudden sickness or accident. She will likely come to grief from some indiscretion on her part. She should be careful of her associates. 
I visited a hair-dresser.|Should you visit a hair-dresser in your dreams, you will be connected with a sensation caused by the indiscretion of a good looking woman. To a woman, this dream means a family disturbance and well merited censures. 
I had my hair colored.|For a woman to dream of having her hair colored, she will narrowly escape the scorn of society, as enemies will seek to blight her reputation. To have her hair dressed, denotes that she will run after frivolous things, and use any means to bend people to her wishes, 
I put a halter on a young horse.|To dream that you put a halter on a young horse, shows that you will manage a very prosperous and clean business. Love matters will shape themselves to suit you. 
I saw other things haltered.|To see other things haltered, denotes that fortune will be withheld from you for a while.  You will win it, but with much toil. 
I saw hams.|To dream of seeing hams, signifies you are in danger of being treacherously used.  To cut large slices of ham, denotes that all opposition will be successfully met by you. To dress a ham, signifies you will be leniently treated by others. 
I dealt in hams.|To dream of dealing in hams, prosperity will come to you. Also good health is foreboded. 
I ate ham.|To eat ham, you will lose something of great value.  To smell ham cooking, you will be benefited by the enterprises of others. 
I saw a hammer.|To dream of seeing a hammer, denotes you will have some discouraging obstacles to overcome in order to establish firmly your fortune. 
I saw beautiful hands.|If you see beautiful hands in your dream, you will enjoy great distinction, and rise rapidly in your calling; but ugly and malformed hands point to disappointments and poverty. To see blood on them, denotes estrangement and unjust censure from members of your family. 
I had an injured hand.|If you have an injured hand, some person will succeed to what you are striving most to obtain. 
I saw a detached hand.|To see a detached hand, indicates a solitary life, that is, people will fail to understand your views and feelings. To burn your hands, you will overreach the bounds of reason in your struggles for wealth and fame, and lose thereby. 
I saw my hands covered with hair.|To see your hands covered with hair, denotes that you will not become a solid and leading factor in your circle. 
I saw my hands enlarged.|To see your hands enlarged, denotes a quick advancement in your affairs. To see them smaller, the reverse is predicted. 
I saw my hands soiled.|To see your hands soiled, denotes that you will be envious and unjust to others. 
I washed my hands.|To wash your hands, you will participate in some joyous festivity. 
I admired me own hands.|For a woman to admire her own hands, is proof that she will win and hold the sincere regard of the man she prizes above all others. 
I admired the hands of others.|To admire the hands of others, she will be subjected to the whims of a jealous man.  To have a man hold her hands, she will be enticed into illicit engagements.  If she lets others kiss her hands, she will have gossips busy with her reputation. To handle fire without burning her hands, she will rise to high rank and commanding positions. 
I distributed handbills over the country.|To dream of distributing handbills over the country, is a sign of contentions and possible lawsuits. 
I found myself handcuffed.|To find yourself handcuffed, you will be annoyed and vexed by enemies. To see others thus, you will subdue those oppressing you and rise above your associates. 
I saw handcuffs.|To see handcuffs, you will be menaced with sickness and danger. 
I lost one.|To lose one, omens a broken engagement through no fault of yours. 
I saw torn ones.|To see torn ones, foretells that lovers' quarrels will reach such straits that reconciliation will be improbable if not impossible. 
I saw them soiled.|To see them soiled, foretells that you will be corrupted by indiscriminate associations. 
I saw pure white ones in large lots.|To see pure white ones in large lots, foretells that you will resist the insistent flattery of unscrupulous and evil-minded persons, and thus gain entrance into high relations with love and matrimony. 
I saw them colored.|To see them colored, denotes that while your engagements may not be strictly moral, you will manage them with such ingenuity that they will elude opprobrium. 
I saw silk handkerchiefs.|If you see silk handkerchiefs, it denotes that your pleasing and magnetic personality will shed its radiating cheerfulness upon others, making for yourself a fortunate existence. 
I saw myself handsome-looking.|To see yourself handsome-looking in your dreams, you will prove yourself an ingenious flatterer. 
I saw others appearing handsome.|To see others appearing handsome, denotes that you will enjoy the confidence of fast people. 
I saw and recognize my own handwriting.|To dream that you see and recognize your own handwriting, foretells that malicious enemies will use your expressed opinion to foil you in advancing to some competed position. 
I saw a large concourse of people gathering at a hanging.|To see a large concourse of people gathering at a hanging, denotes that many enemies will club together to try to demolish your position in their midst. 
I saw a hare escaping from me.|If you see a hare escaping from you in a dream, you will lose something valuable in a mysterious way.  If you capture one, you will be the victor in a contest. 
I made pets of them.|If you make pets of them, you will have an orderly but unintelligent companion. 
I saw hares chased by dogs.|To see hares chased by dogs, denotes trouble and contentions among your friends, and you will concern yourself to bring about friendly relations. 
I shot a hare.|If you dream that you shoot a hare, you will be forced to use violent measures to maintain your rightful possessions. 
I maintained a harem.|To dream that you maintain a harem, denotes that you are wasting your best energies on low pleasures.  Life holds fair promises, if your desires are rightly directed. 
I was dressed as a harlequin.|To be dressed as a harlequin, denotes passionate error and unwise attacks on strength and purse.  Designing women will lure you to paths of sin. 
I was in the company of a harlot.|To dream of being in the company of a harlot, denotes ill-chosen pleasures and trouble in your social circles, and business will suffer depression. If you marry one, life will be threatened by an enemy. 
I possessed bright new harness.|To dream of possessing bright new harness, you will soon prepare for a pleasant journey. 
I heard the sad sweet strains of a harp.|To hear the sad sweet strains of a harp, denotes the sad ending to what seems a pleasing and profitable enterprise. 
I saw a broken harp.|To see a broken harp, betokens illness, or broken troth between lovers. 
I played a harp myself.|To play a harp yourself, signifies that your nature is too trusting, and you should be more careful in placing your confidence as well as love matters. 
I was eating hash.|To dream you are eating hash, many sorrows and vexations are foretold. 
I willed probably be troubled with various little jealousies and contentions over mere trifles.|You will probably be troubled with various little jealousies and contentions over mere trifles, and your health will be menaced through worry. 
I lost my hat.|To dream of losing your hat, you may expect unsatisfactory business and failure of persons to keep important engagements. 
I wore a new hat.|For a man to dream that he wears a new hat, predicts change of place and business, which will be very much to his advantage. For a woman to dream that she wears a fine new hat, denotes the attainment of wealth, and she will be the object of much admiration. 
I blew my hat off.|For the wind to blow your hat off, denotes sudden changes in affairs, and somewhat for the worse. 
I hated a person.|To dream that you hate a person, denotes that if you are not careful you will do the party an inadvertent injury or a spiteful action will bring business loss and worry. 
I was hated for unjust causes.|If you are hated for unjust causes, you will find sincere and obliging friends, and your associations will be most pleasant. Otherwise, the dream forebodes ill. 
I saw a dead hawk.|To see a dead hawk, signifies that your enemies will be vanquished. 
I saw fields of newly cut hay.|To see fields of newly cut hay, is a sign of unusual prosperity. 
I was hauling and putting hay into barns.|If you are hauling and putting hay into barns, your fortune is assured, and you will realize great profit from some enterprise. 
I saw loads of hay passing through the street.|To see loads of hay passing through the street, you will meet influential strangers who will add much to your pleasure. 
I saw a person 's head.|To see a person's head in your dream, and it is well-shaped and prominent, you will meet persons of power and vast influence who will lend you aid in enterprises of importance. 
I saw a head severed from its trunk.|To see a head severed from its trunk, and bloody, you will meet sickening disappointments, and the overthrow of your dearest hopes and anticipations. 
I saw myself with two or more heads.|To see yourself with two or more heads, foretells phenomenal and rapid rise in life, but the probabilities are that the rise will not be stable. 
I washed my head.|To wash your head, you will be sought after by prominent people for your judgment and good counsel. 
I saw rich headgear.|To dream of seeing rich headgear, you will become famous and successful. To see old and worn headgear, you will have to yield up your possessions to others. 
I saw the heart of an animal.|To see the heart of an animal, you will overcome enemies and merit the respect of all. 
I ate the heart of a chicken.|To eat the heart of a chicken, denotes strange desires will cause you to carry out very difficult projects for your advancement. 
I was oppressed by heat.|To dream that you are oppressed by heat, denotes failure to carry out designs on account of some friend betraying you. Heat is not a very favorable dream. 
I ascended to heaven.|If you ascend to heaven in a dream, you will fail to enjoy the distinction you have labored to gain,, and joy will end in sadness. 
I was in heaven and meeting Christ and friends.|To dream of being in heaven and meeting Christ and friends, you will meet with many losses, but will reconcile yourself to them through your true understanding of human nature. 
I fell heir to property or valuables.|To dream that you fall heir to property or valuables, denotes that you are in danger of losing what you already possess. and warns you of coming responsibilities.  Pleasant surprises may also follow this dream. 
I saw my friends in hell.|To see your friends in hell, denotes distress and burdensome cares. You will hear of the misfortune of some friend. 
I cried in hell.|To dream of crying in hell, denotes the powerlessness of friends to extricate you from the snares of enemies. 
I saw a helmet.|To dream of seeing a helmet, denotes threatened misery and loss will be avoided by wise action. 
I saw hemp seed.|To see hemp seed in dreams, denotes the near approach of a deep and continued friendship.  To the business man, is shown favorable opportunity for money-making. 
I was a hermit myself.|If you are a hermit yourself, you will pursue researches into intricate subjects, and will take great interest in the discussions of the hour. 
I found myself in the abode of a hermit.|To find yourself in the abode of a hermit, denotes unselfishness toward enemies and friends alike. 
I saw herring.|To dream of seeing herring, indicates a tight squeeze to escape financial embarrassment, but you will have success later. 
I had hidden away any object.|To dream that you have hidden away any object, denotes embarrassment in your circumstances. 
I found hidden things.|To find hidden things, you will enjoy unexpected pleasures. 
I climbed hills was good if the top was reached.|To dream of climbing hills is good if the top is reached, but if you fall back, you will have much envy and contrariness to fight against. 
I admired well-formed hips.|To dream that you admire well-formed hips, denotes that you will be upbraided by your wife. 
I admired my hips.|For a woman to admire her hips, shows she will be disappointed in love matters. 
I was reading history.|To dream that you are reading history, indicates a long and pleasant recreation. 
I saw strange children thus affected.|To see strange children thus affected, you will be unduly frightened over the condition of some favorite. 
I saw a hoe.|To dream of seeing a hoe, denotes that you will have no time for idle pleasures, as there will be others depending upon your work for subsistence. 
I used a hoe.|To dream of using a hoe, you will enjoy freedom from poverty by directing your energy into safe channels. 
I hoeeed.|For a woman to dream of hoeing, she will be independent of others, as she will be self-supporting. For lovers, this dream is a sign of faithfulness. 
I saw fat.|To dream of seeing fat, strong-looking hogs, foretells brisk changes in business and safe dealings.  Lean hogs predict vexatious affairs and trouble with servants and children. 
I saw a sow and litter of pigs.|To see a sow and litter of pigs, denotes abundant crops to the farmer, and advance in the affairs of others. 
I feeed my own hogs.|To dream of feeding your own hogs, denotes an increase in your personal belongings. 
I was dealing in hogs.|To dream that you are dealing in hogs, you will accumulate considerable property, but you will have much rough work to perform. 
I was taking part in the Holy Communion.|To dream that you are taking part in the Holy Communion, warns you that you will resign your independent opinions to gain some frivolous desire. 
I was refused the right of communion and feel worthy.|If you are refused the right of communion and feel worthy, there is hope for your obtaining some prominent position which has appeared extremely doubtful, as your opponents are popular and powerful. If you feel unworthy, you will meet with much discomfort. 
I was in a body of Baptists who was taking communion.|To dream that you are in a body of Baptists who are taking communion, denotes that you will find that your friends are growing uncongenial, and you will look to strangers for harmony. 
I visited my old home.|To dream of visiting your old home, you will have good news to rejoice over. 
I saw my old home in a dilapidated state.|To see your old home in a dilapidated state, warns you of the sickness or death of a relative.  For a young woman this is a dream of sorrow. She will lose a dear friend. 
I went home and find everything cheery and comfortable.|To go home and find everything cheery and comfortable, denotes harmony in the present home life and satisfactory results in business. 
I was homesick.|To dream of being homesick, foretells you will lose fortunate opportunities to enjoy travels of interest and pleasant visits. 
I committed homicide.|To dream that you commit homicide, foretells that you will suffer great anguish and humiliation through the indifference of others, and your gloomy surroundings will cause perplexing worry to those close to you. 
I saw honey.|To dream that you see honey, you will be possessed of considerable wealth. 
I saw strained honey.|To see strained honey, denotes wealth and ease, but there will be an undercurrent in your life of unlawful gratification of material desires. 
I saw or gather.|To see or gather, honeysuckles, denotes that you will be contentedly prosperous and your marriage will be a singularly happy one. 
I was wearing a hood.|For a young woman to dream that she is wearing a hood, is a sign she will attempt to allure some man from rectitude and bounden duty. 
I heard the sound of a horn.|To dream that you hear the sound of a horn, foretells hasty news of a joyful character. 
I saw a broken horn.|To see a broken horn, denotes death or accident. 
I saw children playing with horns.|To see children playing with horns, denotes congeniality in the home. 
I blew a horn.|For a woman to dream of blowing a horn, foretells that she is more anxious for marriage than her lover. 
I had my horoscope drawn by an astrologist.|To dream of having your horoscope drawn by an astrologist, foretells unexpected changes in affairs and a long journey; associations with a stranger will probably happen. 
I saw myself riding a fine bay horse.|To see yourself riding a fine bay horse, denotes a rise in fortune and gratification of passion.  For a woman, it foretells a yielding to importunate advances.  She will enjoy material things. 
I rode or see passing horses.|To ride or see passing horses, denotes ease and comfort. 
I rode a runaway horse.|To ride a runaway horse, your interests will be injured by the folly of a friend or employer. 
I saw a horse running away with others.|To see a horse running away with others, denotes that you will hear of the illness of friends. 
I saw fine stallions.|To see fine stallions, is a sign of success and high living, and undue passion will master you. 
I saw brood mares.|To see brood mares, denotes congeniality and absence of jealousy between the married and sweethearts. 
I rode a horse to ford a stream.|To ride a horse to ford a stream, you will soon experience some good fortune and will enjoy rich pleasures.  If the stream is unsettled or murky, anticipated joys will be somewhat disappointing. 
I forded a stream.|To ride a horse to ford a stream, you will soon experience some good fortune and will enjoy rich pleasures.  If the stream is unsettled or murky, anticipated joys will be somewhat disappointing. 
I swam on a horse 's back through a clear and beautiful stream of water.|To swim on a horse's back through a clear and beautiful stream of water, your conception of passionate bliss will be swiftly realized. To a business man, this dream portends great gain. 
I saw a wounded horse.|To see a wounded horse, foretells the trouble of friends. 
I rode a horse that bucks.|To dream of riding a horse that bucks, denotes that your desires will be difficult of consummation.  To dream that he throws you, you will have a strong rival, and your business will suffer slightly through competition. 
I caught a horse to bridle and saddle.|To dream of catching a horse to bridle and saddle, or harness it, you will see a great improvement in business of all kinds, and people of all callings will prosper.  If you fail to catch it, fortune will play you false. 
I saw spotted horses.|To see spotted horses, foretells that various enterprises will bring you profit. 
I had a horse shod.|To dream of having a horse shod, your success is assured. For a woman, this dream omens a good and faithful husband. 
I rode a horse in a race.|To dream that you ride a horse in a race, you will be prosperous and enjoy life. 
I killed a horse.|To dream of killing a horse, you will injure your friends through selfishness. 
I mounted a horse bareback.|To mount a horse bareback, you will gain wealth and ease by hard struggles. 
I rode bareback in company with men.|To ride bareback in company with men, you will have honest people to aid you, and your success will be merited. If in company with women, your desires will be loose, and your prosperity will not be so abundant as might be if women did not fill your heart. 
I curried a horse.|To curry a horse, your business interests will not be neglected for frivolous pleasures. 
I trimmed a horse 's mane.|To dream of trimming a horse's mane, or tail, denotes that you will be a good financier or farmer.  Literary people will be painstaking in their work and others will look after their interest with solicitude. 
I saw horses pulling vehicles.|To see horses pulling vehicles, denotes wealth with some incumbrance, and love will find obstacles. 
I gained the top.|If you are riding up a hill and the horse falls but you gain the top, you will win fortune, though you will have to struggle against enemies and jealousy.  If both the horse and you get to the top, your rise will be phenomenal, but substantial. 
I was riding up a hill and the horse fell but I gained the top.|If you are riding up a hill and the horse falls but you gain the top, you will win fortune, though you will have to struggle against enemies and jealousy.  If both the horse and you get to the top, your rise will be phenomenal, but substantial. 
I saw a horse with a tender foot.|To see a horse with a tender foot, denotes that some unexpected unpleasantness will insinuate itself into your otherwise propitious state. 
I fitted a broken shoe which was too small for the horse 's foot.|If you attempt to fit a broken shoe which is too small for the horse's foot, you will be charged with making fraudulent deals with unsuspecting parties. 
I attempted to fit a broken shoe which was too small for the horse 's foot.|If you attempt to fit a broken shoe which is too small for the horse's foot, you will be charged with making fraudulent deals with unsuspecting parties. 
I rode a horse down hill.|To ride a horse down hill, your affairs will undoubtedly disappoint you. For a young woman to dream that a friend rides behind her on a horse, denotes that she will be foremost in the favors of many prominent and successful men.  If she was frightened, she is likely to stir up jealous sensations.  If after she alights from the horse it turns into a pig, she will carelessly pass by honorable offers of marriage, preferring freedom until her chances of a desirable marriage are lost. If afterward she sees the pig sliding gracefully along the telegraph wire, she will by intriguing advance her position, 
I was riding a white horse up and down hill.|For a young woman to dream that she is riding a white horse up and down hill, often looking back and seeing some one on a black horse, pursuing her, denotes she will have a mixed season of success and sorow,{sic} but through it all a relentless enemy is working to overshadow her with gloom and disappointment. 
I saw a horse in human flesh.|To see a horse in human flesh, descending on a hammock through the air, and as it nears your house is metamorphosed into a man, and he approaches your door and throws something at you which seems to be rubber but turns into great bees, denotes miscarriage of hopes and useless endeavors to regain lost valuables. To see animals in human flesh, signifies great advancement to the dreamer, and new friends will be made by modest wearing of well-earned honors. If the human flesh appears diseased or freckled, the miscarriage of well-laid plans is denoted. 
I saw them broken.|To see them broken, ill fortune and sickness is portrayed. 
I found a horseshoe hanging on the fence.|To find a horseshoe hanging on the fence, denotes that your interests will advance beyond your most sanguine expectations. 
I picked one up in the road.|To pick one up in the road, you will receive profit from a source you know not of. 
I ate horseradish.|To eat horseradish, you will be the object of pleasant raillery. 
I was trading horses.|To dream that you are trading horses, and the trader cheats you, you will lose in trade or love.  If you get a better horse than the one you traded, you will better yourself in fortune. 
I visited women in a hotel.|To visit women in a hotel, your life will be rather on a dissolute order. 
I saw a fine hotel.|To dream of seeing a fine hotel, indicates wealth and travel. 
I was the proprietor of a hotel.|If you dream that you are the proprietor of a hotel, you will earn all the fortune you will ever possess. 
I worked in a hotel.|To work in a hotel, you could find a more remunerative employment than what you have. 
I hunted a hotel.|To dream of hunting a hotel, you will be baffled in your search for wealth and happiness. 
I built a house.|To dream of building a house, you will make wise changes in your present affairs. 
I owned an elegant house.|To dream that you own an elegant house, denotes that you will soon leave your home for a better, and fortune will be kind to you. 
I was a housekeeper.|To dream that you are a housekeeper, denotes you will have labors which will occupy your time, and make pleasure an ennobling thing. To employ one, signifies comparative comfort will be possible for your obtaining. 
I hugged a man.|For a woman to dream of hugging a man, she will accept advances of a doubtful character from men. 
I was overcome with humidity.|To dream that you are overcome with humidity, foretells that you will combat enemies fiercely, but their superior force will submerge you in overwhelming defeat. 
I was hungry.|To dream that you are hungry, is an unfortunate omen. You will not find comfort and satisfaction in your home, and to lovers it means an unhappy marriage. 
I hurt a person.|If you hurt a person in your dreams, you will do ugly work, revenging and injuring. 
I was hurt.|If you are hurt, you will have enemies who will overcome you. 
I heard the roar and see a hurricane heading towards me with its frightful force.|To hear the roar and see a hurricane heading towards you with its frightful force, you will undergo torture and suspense, striving to avert failure and ruin in your affairs. 
I was in a house which was being blown to pieces by a hurricane.|If you are in a house which is being blown to pieces by a hurricane, and you struggle in the awful gloom to extricate some one from the falling timbers, your life will suffer a change. You will move and remove to distant places, and still find no improvement in domestic or business affairs. 
I saw dead and wounded caused by a hurricane.|To see dead and wounded caused by a hurricane, you will be much distressed over the troubles of others. 
I saw me dead.|If you see him dead, disappointment and sorrow will envelop you. 
I saw me pale and careworn.|To see him pale and careworn, sickness will tax you heavily, as some of the family will linger in bed for a time. 
I saw me gay and handsome.|To see him gay and handsome, your home will be filled with happiness and bright prospects will be yours.  If he is sick, you will be mistreated by him and he will be unfaithful. 
I was in love with another woman.|To dream that he is in love with another woman, he will soon tire of his present surroundings and seek pleasure elsewhere. 
I was in love with another woman 's husband.|To be in love with another woman's husband in your dreams, denotes that you are not happily married, or that you are not happy unmarried, but the chances for happiness are doubtful. 
I had a husband.|For an unmarried woman to dream that she has a husband, denotes that she is wanting in the graces which men most admire. 
I saw my husband depart from me.|To see your husband depart from you, and as he recedes from you he grows larger, inharmonious surroundings will prevent immediate congeniality. If disagreeable conclusions are avoided, harmony will be reinstated. 
I was sleeping in a hut.|To dream that you are sleeping in a hut, denotes ill health and dissatisfaction. 
I saw a hut in a green pasture.|To see a hut in a green pasture, denotes prosperity, but fluctuating happiness. 
I saw.|To dream that you see, or gather, hyacinths, you are about to undergo a painful separation from a friend, which will ultimately result in good for you. 
I was afflicted with hydrophobia.|To dream that you are afflicted with hydrophobia, denotes enemies and change of business. 
I saw others thus afflicted.|To see others thus afflicted, your work will be interrupted by death or ungrateful dependence. 
I saw a hyena.|If you see a hyena in your dreams, you will meet much disappointment and much ill luck in your undertakings, and your companions will be very uncongenial. If lovers have this dream, they will often be involved in quarrels. 
I was a hypocrite.|To dream that you are a hypocrite, denotes that you will prove yourself a deceiver and be false to friends. 
I passed in the last days.|``_And it shall come to pass in the last days, sayeth God, I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams_.''--Acts ii, 17. 
I saw ice floating in a stream of clear water.|To see ice floating in a stream of clear water, denotes that your happiness will be interrupted by ill-tempered and jealous friends. 
I walked on ice.|To dream that you walk on ice, you risk much solid comfort and respect for evanescent joys. 
I walked on ice.|For a young woman to walk on ice, is a warning that only a thin veil hides her from shame. 
I saw icicles on the eaves of houses.|To see icicles on the eaves of houses, denotes misery and want of comfort. Ill health is foreboded. 
I saw icicles on the fence.|To see icicles on the fence, denotes suffering bodily and mentally. 
I saw them on trees.|To see them on trees, despondent hopes will grow gloomier. 
I saw them on evergreens.|To see them on evergreens, a bright future will be overcast with the shadow of doubtful honors. 
I made ice.|To dream that you make ice, you will make a failure of your life through egotism and selfishness. 
I was eating ice cream.|To dream that you are eating ice cream, foretells you will have happy success in affairs already undertaken. To see children eating it, denotes prosperity and happiness will attend you most favorably. 
I upset my ice cream in the presence of my lover or friend.|For a young woman to upset her ice cream in the presence of her lover or friend, denotes she will be flirted with because of her unkindness to others.  To see sour ice cream, denotes some unexpected trouble will interfere with your pleasures. If it is melted, your anticipated pleasure will reach stagnation before it is realized. 
I saw icicles falling from trees.|To see icicles falling from trees, denotes that some distinctive misfortune, or trouble, will soon vanish. 
I met my ideal.|For a young woman to dream of meeting her ideal, foretells a season of uninterrupted pleasure and contentment. For a bachelor to dream of meeting his ideal, denotes he will soon experience a favorable change in his affairs. 
I was an idiot.|To dream that you are an idiot, you will feel humiliated and downcast over the miscarriage of plans. 
I saw idiotic children.|To see idiotic children, denotes affliction and unhappy changes in life. 
I saw my friends in idleness.|To see your friends in idleness, you will hear of some trouble affecting them. 
I was leading an idle existence.|For a young woman to dream that she is leading an idle existence, she will fall into bad habits, and is likely to marry a shiftless man. 
I saw others worshiping idols.|To see others worshiping idols, great differences will rise up between you and warm friends. 
I was denouncing idolatry.|To dream that you are denouncing idolatry, great distinction is in store for you through your understanding of the natural inclinations of the human mind. 
I saw strange and weird illuminations.|If you see strange and weird illuminations in your dreams, you will meet with disappointments and failures on every hand. 
I saw the heavens illuminated.|To see the heavens illuminated, with the moon in all her weirdness, unnatural stars and a red sun, or a golden one, you may look for distress in its worst form.  Death, family troubles, and national upheavals will occur. 
I saw children in the lighted heavens.|To see children in the lighted heavens, warns you to control your feelings, as irrevocable wrong may be done in a frenzy of feeling arising over seeming neglect by your dear ones. 
I saw illuminated human figures or animals in the heavens.|To see illuminated human figures or animals in the heavens, denotes failure and trouble; dark clouds overshadow fortune. To see them fall to the earth and men shoot them with guns, many troubles and obstacles will go to nought before your energy and determination to rise. 
I saw illuminated snakes.|To see illuminated snakes, or any other creeping thing, enemies will surround you, and use hellish means to overthrow you. 
I saw images.|If you dream that you see images, you will have poor success in business or love. 
I set up an image in my home.|To set up an image in your home, portends that you will be weak minded and easily led astray.  Women should be careful of their reputation after a dream of this kind.  If the images are ugly, you will have trouble in your home. 
I saw imps.|To see imps in your dream, signifies trouble from what seems a passing pleasure. 
I was an imp.|To dream that you are an imp, denotes that folly and vice will bring you to poverty. 
I was using incantations.|To dream you are using incantations, signifies unpleasantness between husband and wife, or sweethearts.  To hear others repeating them, implies dissembling among your friends. 
I came into the possession of my income.|To dream of coming into the possession of your income, denotes that you may deceive some one and cause trouble to your family and friends. 
I lost my income.|For a woman to dream of losing her income, signifies disappointments in life. 
I supported me.|To dream that your income is insufficient to support you, denotes trouble to relatives or friends. 
I was very independent.|To dream that you are very independent, denotes that you have a rival who may do you an injustice. 
I gained an independence of wealth.|To dream that you gain an independence of wealth, you may not be so succcessful{sic} at that time as you expect, but good results are promised. 
I saw indigo.|To see indigo in a dream, denotes you will deceive friendly persons in order to cheat them out of their be longings. To see indigo water, foretells you will be involved in an ugly love affair. 
I saw objects indistinctly.|If in your dreams you see objects indistinctly, it portends unfaithfulness in friendships, and uncertain dealings. 
I was industrious.|To dream that you are industrious, denotes that you will be unusually active in planning and working out ideas to further your interests, and that you will be successful in your undertakings. 
I was industriously at work.|For a lover to dream of being industriously at work, shows he will succeed in business, and that his companion will advance his position. 
I saw others busy.|To see others busy, is favorable to the dreamer. 
I saw a newly born infant.|To dream of seeing a newly born infant, denotes pleasant surprises are nearing you.  For a young woman to dream she has an infant, foretells she will be accused of indulgence in immoral pastime. To see an infant swimming, portends a fortunate escape from some entanglement. 
I leaved an infirmary.|To dream that you leave an infirmary, denotes your escape from wily enemies who will cause you much worry. 
I saw others infirm.|To dream that you see others infirm, denotes that you may have various troubles and disappointments in business. 
I saw friends in high positions.|To see friends in high positions, your companions will be congenial, and you will be free from vexations. 
I received an inheritance.|To dream that you receive an inheritance, foretells that you will be successful in easily obtaining your desires. 
I saw ink spilled over one 's clothing.|To see ink spilled over one's clothing, many small and spiteful meannesses will be wrought you through envy. 
I had ink on my fingers.|To dream that you have ink on your fingers, you will be jealous and seek to injure some one unless you exercise your better nature. If it is red ink, you will be involved in a serious trouble. 
I made ink.|To dream that you make ink, you will engage in a low and debasing business, and you will fall into disreputable associations. 
I saw bottles of ink.|To see bottles of ink in your dreams, indicates enemies and unsuccessful interests. 
I saw them filled with ink.|To see them filled with ink, if you are not cautious, enemies will succeed in calumniation. 
I was at a dilapidated and ill kept inn.|To be at a dilapidated and ill kept inn, denotes poor success, or mournful tasks, or unhappy journeys. 
I was brought before an inquisition on a charge of wilfulness.|If you are brought before an inquisition on a charge of wilfulness, you will be unable to defend yourself from malicious slander. 
I was insane.|To dream of being insane, forebodes disastrous results to some newly undertaken work, or ill health may work sad changes in your prospects. 
I saw others insane.|To see others insane, denotes disagreeable contact with suffering and appeals from the poverty-stricken. The utmost care should be taken of the health after this dream. 
I saw an inscription.|To dream you see an inscription, foretells you will shortly receive unpleasant communications.  If you are reading them on tombs, you will be distressed by sickness of a grave nature. To write one, you will lose a valued friend. 
I was insolvent.|If you dream that you are insolvent, you will not have to resort to this means to square yourself with the world, as your energy and pride will enable you to transact business in a fair way. But other worries may sorely afflict you. 
I was intemperate in the use of my intellectual forces.|To dream of being intemperate in the use of your intellectual forces, you will seek after foolish knowledge fail to benefit yourself, and give pain and displeasure to your friends. 
I was intemperate in love.|If you are intemperate in love, or other passions, you will reap disease or loss of fortune and esteem.  For a young woman to thus dream, she will lose a lover and incur the displeasure of close friends. 
I interceded for some one.|To intercede for some one in your dreams, shows you will secure aid when you desire it most. 
I intermarried.|To dream of intermarrying, denotes quarrels and contentions which will precipitate you into trouble and loss. 
I saw intestines.|To dream of seeing intestines, signifies you are about to be visited by a grave calamity, which will remove some friend. To see your own intestines, denotes grave situations are closing around you; sickness of a nature to affect you in your daily communications with others threatens you. Probable loss, with much displeasure, is also denoted. If you think you lay them upon something, which turns out to be a radiator, and they begin to grow hot and make you very uncomfortable, and you ask others to assist you, and they refuse, it foretells unexpected calamity, which will probably come in the form of a desperate illness or a misfortune for which you will be censured by those formerly your friends. You may have trouble in extricating yourself from an unpromising predicament. 
I saw cities or country submerged in dark.|To dream of seeing cities or country submerged in dark, seething waters, denotes great misfortune and loss of life through some dreadful calamity. 
I saw human beings swept away in an inundation.|To see human beings swept away in an inundation, portends bereavements and despair, making life gloomy and unprofitable. 
I saw a large area inundated with clear water.|To see a large area inundated with clear water, denotes profit and ease after seemingly hopeless struggles with fortune. 
I used invectives.|To dream of using invectives, warns you of passionate outbursts of anger, which may estrange you from close companions. 
I visited me.|To dream that you invite persons to visit you, denotes that some unpleasant event is near, and will cause worry and excitement in your otherwise pleasant surroundings. 
I invited persons to visit me.|To dream that you invite persons to visit you, denotes that some unpleasant event is near, and will cause worry and excitement in your otherwise pleasant surroundings. 
I was invited to make a visit.|If you are invited to make a visit, you will receive sad news. 
I made a visit.|If you are invited to make a visit, you will receive sad news. 
I attended a party.|For a woman to dream that she is invited to attend a party, she will have pleasant anticipations, but ill luck will mar them. 
I was invited to attend a party.|For a woman to dream that she is invited to attend a party, she will have pleasant anticipations, but ill luck will mar them. 
I felt an iron weight bearing me down.|To feel an iron weight bearing you down, signifies mental perplexities and material losses. 
I struck with iron.|To strike with iron, denotes selfishness and cruelty to those dependent upon you. 
I manufactured iron.|To dream that you manufacture iron, denotes that you will use unjust means to accumulate wealth. 
I sold iron.|To sell iron, you will have doubtful success, and your friends will not be of noble character. 
I saw old.|To see old, rusty iron, signifies poverty and disappointment. 
I saw red-hot iron.|To see red-hot iron in your dreams, denotes failure for you by misapplied energy. 
I ironed.|To dream of ironing, denotes domestic comforts and orderly business. 
I was on an island in a clear stream.|To dream that you are on an island in a clear stream, signifies pleasant journeys and fortunate enterprises. To a woman, this omens a happy marriage. 
I saw an island.|To see an island, denotes comfort and easy circumstances after much striving and worrying to meet honorable obligations. 
I saw people on an island.|To see people on an island, denotes a struggle to raise yourself higher in prominent circles. 
I saw persons with the itch.|To see persons with the itch, and you endeavor to escape contact, you will stand in fear of distressing results when your endeavors will bring pleasant success. 
I had the itch myself.|If you dream you have the itch yourself, you will be harshly used, and will defend yourself by incriminating others.  For a young woman to have this dream, omens she will fall into dissolute companionship. 
I itched.|To dream that you itch, denotes unpleasant avocations. 
I saw huge pieces of ivory being carried.|To see huge pieces of ivory being carried, denotes financial success and pleasures unalloyed. 
I saw ivy growing on trees or houses.|To dream of seeing ivy growing on trees or houses, predicts excellent health and increase of fortune.  Innumerable joys will succeed this dream. To a young woman, it augurs many prized distinctions.  If she sees ivy clinging to the wall in the moonlight, she will have clandestine meetings with young men. 
I saw a jackdaw.|To see a jackdaw, denotes ill health and quarrels. To catch one, you will outwit enemies. 
I killed one.|To kill one, you will come into possession of disputed property. 
I saw others in jail.|To see others in jail, you will be urged to grant privileges to persons whom you believe to be unworthy 
I saw negroes in jail.|To see negroes in jail, denotes worries and loss through negligence of underlings. 
I saw a jailer.|To see a jailer, denotes that treachery will embarrass your interests and evil women will enthrall you. 
I broke open a jail.|To see a mob attempting to break open a jail, is a forerunner of evil, and desperate measures will be used to extort money and bounties from you. 
I saw a mob attempting to break open a jail.|To see a mob attempting to break open a jail, is a forerunner of evil, and desperate measures will be used to extort money and bounties from you. 
I made jam.|To dream of making jam, foretells to a woman a happy home and appreciative friends. 
I looked for a janitor and fail to find me.|To look for a janitor and fail to find him, petty annoyances will disturb your otherwise placid existence.  If you find him, you will have pleasant associations with strangers, and your affairs will have no hindrances. 
I found me.|To look for a janitor and fail to find him, petty annoyances will disturb your otherwise placid existence.  If you find him, you will have pleasant associations with strangers, and your affairs will have no hindrances. 
I saw them full.|To see them full, you will be successful. 
I bought jars.|If you buy jars, your success will be precarious and your burden will be heavy. 
I saw broken jars.|To see broken jars, distressing sickness or deep disappointment awaits you. 
I saw jasper.|To dream of seeing jasper, is a happy omen, bringing success and love. For a young woman to lose a jasper, is a sign of disagreement with her lover. 
I had the jaundice.|To dream that you have the jaundice, denotes prosperity after temporary embarrassments. 
I saw others with jaundice.|To see others with jaundice, you will be worried with unpleasant companions and discouraging prospects. 
I defended myself with a javelin.|To dream of defending yourself with a javelin, your most private affairs will be searched into to establish claims of dishonesty, and you will prove your innocence after much wrangling. 
I was pierced by a javelin.|If you are pierced by a javelin, enemies will succeed in giving you trouble. 
I saw others carrying javelins.|To see others carrying javelins, your interests are threatened. 
I saw heavy.|To dream of seeing heavy, misshapen jaws, denotes disagreements, and ill feeling will be shown between friends. 
I was in the jaws of a wild beast.|If you dream that you are in the jaws of a wild beast, enemies will work injury to your affairs and happiness. This is a vexatious and perplexing dream. 
I caught a jay-bird.|To catch a jay-bird, denotes pleasant, though unfruitful, tasks. 
I saw a dead jay-bird.|To see a dead jay-bird, denotes domestic unhappiness and many vicissitudes. 
I was jealous of my wife.|To dream that you are jealous of your wife, denotes the influence of enemies and narrow-minded persons.  If jealous of your sweetheart, you will seek to displace a rival. 
I made jelly.|For a woman to dream of making jelly, signifies she will enjoy pleasant reunions with friends. 
I was in company with a Jew.|To dream of being in company with a Jew, signifies untiring ambition and an irrepressible longing after wealth and high position, which will be realized to a very small extent. 
I had transactions with a Jew.|To have transactions with a Jew, you will prosper legally in important affairs. 
I argued with them.|To argue with them, your reputation is endangered from a business standpoint. 
I wore them.|To wear them, brings rank and satisfied ambitions. 
I saw others wearing them.|To see others wearing them, distinguished places will be held by you, or by some friend. 
I inherited jewelry.|If you inherit jewelry, your prosperity will be unusual, but not entirely satisfactory. 
I gave jewelry away.|To dream of giving jewelry away, warns you that some vital estate is threatening you. 
I received jewelry.|For a young woman to dream that she receives jewelry, indicates much pleasure and a desirable marriage.  To dream that she loses jewels, she will meet people who will flatter and deceive her. 
I bought them.|To buy them, proves that you will be very successful in momentous affairs, especially those pertaining to the heart. 
I danced a jig.|To dance a jig, denotes cheerful occupations and light pleasures. 
I saw negroes dancing a jig.|To see negroes dancing a jig, foolish worries will offset pleasure. 
I saw my sweetheart dancing a jig.|To see your sweetheart dancing a jig, your companion will be possessed with a merry and hopeful disposition. 
I saw ballet girls dancing a jig.|To see ballet girls dancing a jig, you will engage in undignified amusements and follow low desires. 
I felt jolly and was enjoying the merriment of companions.|To dream that you feel jolly and are enjoying the merriment of companions, you will realize pleasure from the good behavior of children and have satisfying results in business. If there comes the least rift in the merriment, worry will intermingle with the success of the future. 
I went on a journey.|To dream that you go on a journey, signifies profit or a disappointment, as the travels are pleasing and successful or as accidents and disagreeable events take active part in your journeying. 
I saw my friends started cheerfully on a journey.|To see your friends start cheerfully on a journey, signifies delightful change and more harmonious companions than you have heretofore known. If you see them depart looking sad, it may be many moons before you see them again.  Power and loss are implied. 
I expected.|To make a long-distance journey in a much shorter time than you expected, denotes you will accomplish some work in a surprisingly short time, which will be satisfactory in the way of reimbursement. 
I made a long-distance journey in a much shorter time than I expected.|To make a long-distance journey in a much shorter time than you expected, denotes you will accomplish some work in a surprisingly short time, which will be satisfactory in the way of reimbursement. 
I felt joy over any event.|To dream that you feel joy over any event, denotes harmony among friends. 
I came before a judge.|To dream of coming before a judge, signifies that disputes will be settled by legal proceedings.  Business or divorce cases may assume gigantic proportions.  To have the case decided in your favor, denotes a successful termination to the suit; if decided against you, then you are the aggressor and you should seek to right injustice. 
I appeared before the judgment bar and heard the verdict of ` ` Guilty.|For a young woman to appear before the judgment bar and hear the verdict of ``Guilty,'' denotes that she will cause much distress among her friends by her selfish and unbecoming conduct.  If she sees the dead rising, and all the earth solemnly and fearfully awaiting the end, there will be much struggling for her, and her friends will refuse her aid. It is also a forerunner of unpleasant gossip, and scandal is threatened. Business may assume hopeless aspects. 
I drank wine from a jug.|If you drink wine from a jug, you will enjoy robust health and find pleasure in all circles.  Optimistic views will possess you. 
I took an unpleasant drink from a jug.|To take an unpleasant drink from a jug, disappointment and disgust will follow pleasant anticipations. 
I jumped down from a wall.|To jump down from a wall, denotes reckless speculations and disappointment in love. 
I thought that vegetation was decaying.|For a woman to think that vegetation is decaying, or that a drouth is devastating the land, she will have sorrow and loss which will be lasting in its effects. 
I saw a juniper tree.|To dream of seeing a juniper tree, portends happiness and wealth out of sorrow and depressed conditions.  For a young woman, this dreams omens a bright future after disappointing love affairs. To the sick, this is an augury of speedy recovery. 
I ate.|To eat, or gather, the berries of a juniper tree, foretells trouble and sickness. 
I was on the jury.|To dream that you are on the jury, denotes dissatisfaction with your employments, and you will seek to materially change your position. 
I was cleared from a charge by the jury.|If you are cleared from a charge by the jury, your business will be successful and affairs will move your way, but if you should be condemned, enemies will overpower you and harass you beyond endurance. 
I demanded justice from a person.|To dream that you demand justice from a person, denotes that you are threatened with embarrassments through the false statements of people who are eager for your downfall. 
I saw a kangaroo.|To see a kangaroo in your dreams, you will outwit a wily enemy who seeks to place you in an unfavorable position before the public and the person you are striving to win. 
I killed one.|If you kill one, you will succeed in spite of enemies and obstacles. 
I saw a kangaroo 's hide.|To see a kangaroo's hide, denotes that you are in a fair way to success.  _Katydids_. 
I saw them.|For a woman to see them, signifies she will have a quarrelsome husband or lover. 
I saw kettles.|To see kettles in your dream, denotes great and laborious work before you. 
I saw a kettle of boiling water.|To see a kettle of boiling water, your struggles will soon end and a change will come to you. 
I saw a broken kettle.|To see a broken kettle, denotes failure after a mighty effort to work out a path to success. 
I handled dark kettles.|For a young woman to dream of handling dark kettles, foretells disappointment in love and marriage; but a light-colored kettle brings to her absolute freedom from care, and her husband will be handsome and worthy. 
I found keys.|To find keys, brings domestic peace and brisk turns to business. 
I lost the key to any personal ornament.|For a young woman to dream of losing the key to any personal ornament, denotes she will have quarrels with her lover, and will suffer much disquiet therefrom.  If she dreams of unlocking a door with a key, she will have a new lover and have over-confidence in him.  If she locks a door with a key, she will be successful in selecting a husband. If she gives the key away, she will fail to use judgment in conversation and darken her own reputation. 
I cannotted find the keyhole.|To dream that you cannot find the keyhole, you will unconsciously injure a friend. 
I killed a defenseless man.|To dream of killing a defenseless man, prognosticates sorrow and failure in affairs. 
I killed one in defense.|If you kill one in defense, or kill a ferocious beast, it denotes victory and a rise in position. 
I was crowned king.|To dream that you are crowned king, you will rise above your comrades and co-workers. 
I was censured by a king.|If you are censured by a king, you will be reproved for a neglected duty. 
I was in the presence of a king.|For a young woman to be in the presence of a king, she will marry a man whom she will fear.  To receive favors from a king, she will rise to exalted positions and be congenially wedded. 
I saw children kissing.|To dream that you see children kissing, denotes happy reunions in families and satisfactory work. 
I kissed illicitly.|To dream of kissing illicitly, denotes dangerous past-times. The indulgence of a low passion may bring a tragedy into well-thought-of homes. 
I saw my rival kiss my sweetheart.|To see your rival kiss your sweetheart, you are in danger of losing her esteem. 
I kissed a person on the neck.|To dream of kissing a person on the neck, denotes passionate inclinations and weak mastery of self. 
I flew a kite.|To dream of flying a kite, denotes a great show of wealth, or business, but with little true soundness to it all. 
I saw the kite thrown upon the ground.|To see the kite thrown upon the ground, foretells disappointment and failure. 
I made a kite.|To dream of making a kite, you will speculate largely on small means and seek to win the one you love by misrepresentations. 
I saw children flying kites.|To see children flying kites, denotes pleasant and light occupation. If the kite ascends beyond the vision high hopes and aspirations will resolve themselves into disappointments and loss. 
I saw snakes kill kittens.|To see snakes kill kittens, you have enemies who in seeking to injure you will work harm to themselves. 
I saw a knapsack.|To see a knapsack while dreaming, denotes you will find your greatest pleasure away from the associations of friends. For a woman to see an old dilapidated one, means poverty and disagreeableness for her. 
I had well-formed and smooth knees.|For a woman to dream that she has well-formed and smooth knees, predicts she will have many admirers, but none to woo her in wedlock. 
I saw rusty knives.|To see rusty knives, means dissatisfaction, and complaints of those in the home, and separation of lovers. 
I was wounded with a knife.|To dream that you are wounded with a knife, foretells domestic troubles, in which disobedient children will figure largely.  To the unmarried, it denotes that disgrace may follow. 
I knitted.|For a woman to dream of knitting, denotes that she will possess a quiet and peaceful home, where a loving companion and dutiful children delight to give pleasure. 
I was in a kniting-mill.|For a man to be in a kniting-mill, indicates thrift and a solid rise in prospects. 
I knitted.|For a young woman to dream of knitting, is an omen of a hasty but propitious marriage. 
I worked in a knitting-mill.|For a young woman to dream that she works in a knitting-mill, denotes that she will have a worthy and loyal lover. To see the mill in which she works dilapidated, she will meet with reverses in fortune and love. 
I used a knocker.|To dream of using a knocker, foretells you will be forced to ask aid and counsel of others. 
I heard knocking.|To hear knocking in your dreams, denotes that tidings of a grave nature will soon be received by you.  If you are awakened by the knocking, the news will affect you the more seriously. 
I saw knots.|To dream of seeing knots, denotes much worry over the most trifling affairs. If your sweetheart notices another, you will immediately find cause to censure him. 
I tied a knot.|To tie a knot, signifies an independent nature, and you will refuse to be nagged by ill-disposed lover or friend. 
I saw Krishna.|To see Krishna in your dreams, denotes that your greatest joy will be in pursuit of occult knowledge, and you will school yourself to the taunts of friends, and cultivate a philosophical bearing toward life and sorrow. 
I watched domestic animals laboring under heavy burdens.|To dream that you watch domestic animals laboring under heavy burdens, denotes that you will be prosperous, but unjust to your servants, or those employed by you. 
I saw men toiling.|To see men toiling, signifies profitable work, and robust health. To labor yourself, denotes favorable outlook for any new enterprise, and bountiful crops if the dreamer is interested in farming. 
I was in a laboratory.|To dream of being in a laboratory, denotes great energies wasted in unfruitful enterprises when you might succeed in some more practical business. 
I thought myself an alchemist.|If you think yourself an alchemist, and try to discover a process to turn other things into gold, you will entertain far-reaching and interesting projects, but you will fail to reach the apex of your ambition. Wealth will prove a myth, and the woman you love will hold a false position towards you. 
I was in a labyrinth of night or darkness.|If you are in a labyrinth of night or darkness, it foretells passing, but agonizing sickness and trouble. 
I bought lace.|If you buy lace, you will conduct an expensive establishment, but wealth will be a solid friend. 
I sold laces.|If you sell laces, your desires will outrun your resources. 
I made lace.|For a young girl to dream of making lace, forecasts that she will win a handsome, wealthy husband.  If she dreams of garnishing her wedding garments with lace, she will be favored with lovers who will bow to her charms, but the wedding will be far removed from her. 
I ascended to some height.|To dream of a ladder being raised for you to ascend to some height, your energetic and nervy qualifications will raise you into prominence in business affairs. 
I toed ascend to some height.|To dream of a ladder being raised for you to ascend to some height, your energetic and nervy qualifications will raise you into prominence in business affairs. 
I ascended a ladder.|To ascend a ladder, means prosperity and unstinted happiness. 
I fell from one.|To fall from one, denotes despondency and unsuccessful transactions to the tradesman, and blasted crops to the farmer. 
I saw a broken ladder.|To see a broken ladder, betokens failure in every instance. 
I descended a ladder.|To descend a ladder, is disappointment in business, and unrequited desires. 
I scaped from captivity.|To escape from captivity, or confinement, by means of a ladder, you will be successful, though many perilous paths may intervene. 
I grew dizzy as I ascend a ladder.|To grow dizzy as you ascend a ladder, denotes that you will not wear new honors serenely.  You are likely to become haughty and domineering in your newly acquired position. 
I ascended a ladder.|To grow dizzy as you ascend a ladder, denotes that you will not wear new honors serenely.  You are likely to become haughty and domineering in your newly acquired position. 
I saw a ladle.|To see a ladle in your dreams, denotes you will be fortunate in the selection of a companion.  Children will prove sources of happiness. 
I was alone on a turbulent and muddy lake.|For a young woman to dream that she is alone on a turbulent and muddy lake, foretells many vicissitudes are approaching her, and she will regret former extravagances, and disregard of virtuous teaching. 
I saw myself reflected in a clear lake.|To see yourself reflected in a clear lake, denotes coming joys and many ardent friends. 
I saw foliaged trees reflected in the lake.|To see foliaged trees reflected in the lake, you will enjoy to a satiety Love's draught of passion and happiness. 
I saw slimy and uncanny inhabitants of the lake rise up and menace me.|To see slimy and uncanny inhabitants of the lake rise up and menace you, denotes failure and ill health from squandering time, energy and health on illicit pleasures.  You will drain the utmost drop of happiness, and drink deeply of Remorse's bitter concoction. 
I saw a dead lamb.|To see a dead lamb, signifies sadness and desolation. 
I saw lamb skins.|To see lamb skins, denotes comfort and pleasure usurped from others. 
I ate lamb chops.|To eat lamb chops, denotes illness, and much anxiety over the welfare of children. 
I saw lambs taking nourishment from their mothers.|To see lambs taking nourishment from their mothers, denotes happiness through pleasant and intelligent home companions, and many lovable and beautiful children. 
I heard the bleating of lambs.|To hear the bleating of lambs, your generosity will be appealed to. 
I saw them in a winter storm.|To see them in a winter storm, or rain, denotes disappointment in expected enjoyment and betterment of fortune. 
I carried lambs in my arms.|If you carry lambs in your arms, you will be encumbered with happy cares upon which you will lavish a wealth of devotion, and no expense will be regretted in responding to appeals from the objects of your affection. 
I was peeling the skin from a lamb.|For a woman to dream that she is peeling the skin from a lamb, and while doing so, she discovers that it is her child, denotes that she will cause others sorrow which will also rebound to her grief and loss. 
I saw any one lame.|For a woman to dream of seeing any one lame, foretells that her pleasures and hopes will be unfruitful and disappointing. 
I saw lamps filled with oil.|To see lamps filled with oil, denotes the demonstration of business activity, from which you will receive gratifying results. 
I saw lighted lamps burning with a clear flame.|To see lighted lamps burning with a clear flame, indicates merited rise in fortune and domestic bliss.  If they give out a dull, misty radiance, you will have jealousy and envy, coupled with suspicion, to combat, in which you will be much pleased to find the right person to attack. 
I dropped a lighted lamp.|To drop a lighted lamp, your plans and hopes will abruptly turn into failure. 
I lighted a lamp.|To light a lamp, denotes that you will soon make a change in your affairs, which will lead to profit. 
I carried a lamp.|To carry a lamp, portends that you will be independent and self-sustaining, preferring your own convictions above others. If the light fails, you will meet with unfortunate conclusions, and perhaps the death of friends or relatives. 
I was much affrighted.|If you are much affrighted, and throw a bewildering light from your window, enemies will ensnare you with professions of friendship and interest in your achievements. 
I ignited my apparel from a lamp.|To ignite your apparel from a lamp, you will sustain humiliation from sources from which you expected encouragement and sympathy, and your business will not be fraught with much good. 
I saw a lamp-post.|To see a lamp-post in your dreams, some stranger will prove your staunchiest friend in time of pressing need. 
I fell against a lamp-post.|To fall against a lamp-post, you will have deception to overcome, or enemies will ensnare you. 
I saw a lamp-post across my path.|To see a lamp-post across your path, you will have much adversity in your life. 
I was wounded by a lance.|To be wounded by a lance, error of judgment will cause you annoyance. 
I broke a lance.|To break a lance, denotes seeming impossibilities will be overcome and your desires will be fulfilled. 
I saw land from the ocean.|To see land from the ocean, denotes that vast avenues of prosperity and happiness will disclose themselves to you. 
I rode in a landau.|To dream that you ride in a landau, with your friend or sweetheart, denotes that incidents of a light, but pleasant character will pass in rapid succession through your life. 
I saw a lantern going before me in the darkness.|To dream of seeing a lantern going before you in the darkness, signifies unexpected affluence.  If the lantern is suddenly lost to view, then your success will take an unfavorable turn. 
I carried a lantern.|To carry a lantern in your dreams, denotes that your benevolence will win you many friends.  If it goes out, you fail to gain the prominence you wish. If you stumble and break it, you will seek to aid others, and in so doing lose your own station, or be disappointed in some undertaking. 
I cleaned a lantern.|To clean a lantern, signifies great possibilities are open to you. 
I lost a lantern.|To lose a lantern, means business depression, and disquiet in the home. 
I bought a lantern.|If you buy a lantern, it signifies fortunate deals. 
I sat on some person 's lap.|To dream of sitting on some person's lap, denotes pleasant security from vexing engagements.  If a young woman dreams that she is holding a person on her lap, she will be exposed to unfavorable criticism. 
I saw a serpent in my lap.|To see a serpent in her lap, foretells she is threatened with humiliation at the hands of enemies.  If she sees a cat in her lap, she will be endangered by a seductive enemy. 
I lost one.|To lose one, your actions will be condemned by enemies to injure your affairs. 
I saw larks flying.|To see larks flying, denotes high aims and purposes through the attainment of which you will throw off selfishness and cultivate kindly graces of mind. 
I heard them singing as they flew.|To hear them singing as they fly, you will be very happy in a new change of abode, and business will flourish. 
I saw them fell to the earth and singing as they fell.|To see them fall to the earth and singing as they fall, despairing gloom will overtake you in pleasure's bewildering delights. 
I killed a lark.|To kill a lark, portends injury to innocence through wantonness. 
I caught them in traps.|To catch them in traps, you will win honor and love easily. 
I saw them eating.|To see them eating, denotes a plentiful harvest. 
I studied this language.|To dream of studying this language, denotes victory and distinction in your efforts to sustain your opinion on subjects of grave interest to the public welfare. 
I took laudanum.|To dream that you take laudanum, signifies weakness of your own; and that you will have a tendency to be unduly influenced by others. You should cultivate determination. 
I prevented others from taking this drug.|To prevent others from taking this drug, indicates that you will be the means of conveying great joy and good to people. 
I saw my lover taking laudanum through disappointment.|To see your lover taking laudanum through disappointment, signifies unhappy affairs and the loss of a friend. 
I gave it.|To give it, slight ailments will attack some member of your domestic circle. 
I heard the happy laughter of children.|To hear the happy laughter of children, means joy and health to the dreamer. 
I heard mocking laughter.|To hear mocking laughter, denotes illness and disappointing affairs. 
I saw pretty girls at this work.|To see pretty girls at this work, you will seek pleasure out of your rank. 
I saw laundry wagons.|To see laundry wagons, portends rivalry and contention. 
I engaged in a lawsuit.|To dream of engaging in a lawsuit, warns you of enemies who are poisoning public opinion against you.  If you know that the suit is dishonest on your part, you will seek to dispossess true owners for your own advancement. 
I walked upon well-kept lawns.|To dream of walking upon well-kept lawns, denotes occasions for joy and great prosperity. 
I joined a merry party upon a lawn.|To join a merry party upon a lawn, denotes many secular amusements, and business engagements will be successfully carried on. 
I waited upon a green lawn for the coming of a friend or lover.|For a young woman to wait upon a green lawn for the coming of a friend or lover, denotes that her most ardent wishes concerning wealth and marriage will be gratified.  If the grass be dead and the lawn marshy, quarrels and separation may be expected. 
I saw serpents crawling in the grass before me.|To see serpents crawling in the grass before you, betrayal and cruel insinuations will fill you with despair. 
I was connected in any way with a lawyer.|For a young woman to dream that she is connected in any way with a lawyer, foretells that she will unwittingly commit indiscretions, which will subject her to unfavorable and mortifying criticism. 
I felt lazy.|To dream of feeling lazy, or acting so, denotes you will make a mistake in the formation of enterprises, and will suffer keen disappointment. 
I thought my lover was lazy.|For a young woman to think her lover is lazy, foretells she will have bad luck in securing admiration.  Her actions will discourage men who mean marriage. 
I hunted for lead.|To hunt for lead, denotes discontentment, and a constant changing of employment. 
I melted lead.|To melt lead, foretells that by impatience you will bring failure upon yourself and others. 
I saw a leak in anything.|To dream of seeing a leak in anything, is usually significant of loss and vexations. 
I leapt over an obstruction.|For a young woman to dream of leaping over an obstruction, denotes that she will gain her desires after much struggling and opposition. 
I learnt.|To dream of learning, denotes that you will take great interest in acquiring knowledge, and if you are economical of your time, you will advance far into the literary world. 
I entered halls.|To enter halls, or places of learning, denotes rise from obscurity, and finance will be a congenial adherent. 
I saw learned men.|To see learned men, foretells that your companions will be interesting and prominent. 
I was associated in any way with learned people.|For a woman to dream that she is associated in any way with learned people, she will be ambitious and excel in her endeavors to rise into prominence. 
I dealt in leather.|To deal in leather, signifies no change in the disposition of your engagements is necessary for successful accumulation of wealth. 
I kept a ledger.|To dream of keeping a ledger, you will have perplexities and disappointing conditions to combat. 
I made wrong entries on my ledger.|To dream that you make wrong entries on your ledger, you will have small disputes and a slight loss will befall you. 
I put a ledger into a safe.|To put a ledger into a safe, you will be able to protect your rights under adverse circumstances. 
I got my ledger misplaced.|To get your ledger misplaced, your interests will go awry through neglect of duty. 
I kept my ledger.|To dream that you have a woman to keep your ledger, you will lose money trying to combine pleasure with business. 
I had a woman to keep my ledger.|To dream that you have a woman to keep your ledger, you will lose money trying to combine pleasure with business. 
I saw them applied to others.|To see them applied to others, denotes sickness or trouble to friends. 
I practised legerdemain.|To dream of practising legerdemain, or seeing others doing so, signifies you will be placed in a position where your energy and power of planning will be called into strenuous play to extricate yourself. 
I was a member of a legislature.|To dream that you are a member of a legislature, foretells you will be vain of your possessions and will treat members of your family unkindly. You will have no real advancement. 
I saw misshapen legs.|To see misshapen legs, denotes unprofitable occupations and ill-tempered comrades. 
I had a wooden leg.|To dream that you have a wooden leg, denotes that you will bemean yourself in a false way to your friends. 
I had three.|To dream that you have three, or more, legs, indicates that more enterprises are planned in your imagination than will ever benefit you. 
I couldn't use my legs.|If you can't use your legs, it portends poverty. 
I had a leg amputated.|To have a leg amputated, you will lose valued friends, and the home influence will render life unbearable. 
I admired me own legs.|For a young woman to admire her own legs, denotes vanity, and she will be repulsed by the man she admires.  If she has hairy legs, she will dominate her husband. 
I drank lemonade.|If you drink lemonade in a dream, you will concur with others in signifying some entertainment as a niggardly device to raise funds for the personal enjoyment of others at your expense. 
I saw lemons on their native trees among rich foliage.|To dream of seeing lemons on their native trees among rich foliage, denotes jealousy toward some beloved object, but demonstrations will convince you of the absurdity of the charge. 
I ate lemons.|To eat lemons, foretells humiliation and disappointments. 
I saw shriveled lemons.|To see shriveled lemons, denotes divorce, if married, and separation, to lovers. 
I was lending money.|To dream that you are lending money, foretells difficulties in meeting payments of debts and unpleasant influence in private. 
I lent other articles.|To lend other articles, denotes impoverishment through generosity. 
I lent things.|To refuse to lend things, you will be awake to your interests and keep the respect of friends. 
I refused to lend things.|To refuse to lend things, you will be awake to your interests and keep the respect of friends. 
I lent me articles.|For others to offer to lend you articles, or money, denotes prosperity and close friendships. 
I offered to lend me articles.|For others to offer to lend you articles, or money, denotes prosperity and close friendships. 
I killed one.|To kill one, intimates victory in your affairs. 
I saw one caged.|To see one caged, denotes that enemies will surround but fail to injure you. 
I saw leopards in their native place trying to escape from me.|To see leopards in their native place trying to escape from you, denotes that you will be embarrassed in business or love, but by persistent efforts you will overcome difficulties. 
I scaped from me.|To see leopards in their native place trying to escape from you, denotes that you will be embarrassed in business or love, but by persistent efforts you will overcome difficulties. 
I was infected with this dread disease.|To dream that you are infected with this dread disease, foretells sickness, by which you will lose money and incur the displeasure of others. 
I saw others afflicted thus.|If you see others afflicted thus, you will meet discouraging prospects and love will turn into indifference. 
I saw a registered letter.|To dream that you see a registered letter, foretells that some money matters will disrupt long-established relations. 
I received such a letter.|For a young woman to dream that she receives such a letter, intimates that she will be offered a competency, but it will not be on strictly legal, or moral grounds; others may play towards her a dishonorable part. 
I wrote one.|To write one, foretells that you will be jealous of a rival, whom you admit to be your superior. 
I got letters bearing unpleasant news.|To dream of getting letters bearing unpleasant news, denotes difficulties or illness.  If the news is of a joyous character, you will have many things to be thankful for.  If the letter is affectionate, but is written on green, or colored, paper, you will be slighted in love and business. Despondency will envelop you.  Blue ink, denotes constancy and affection, also bright fortune. 
I read the letter.|If you fail to read the letter, you will lose something either in a business or social way. 
I failed to read the letter.|If you fail to read the letter, you will lose something either in a business or social way. 
I had my letter intercepted.|To have your letter intercepted, rival enemies are working to defame you. 
I concealed a letter from my sweetheart or wife.|To dream of trying to conceal a letter from your sweetheart or wife, intimates that you are interested in unworthy occupations. 
I tried to conceal a letter from my sweetheart or wife.|To dream of trying to conceal a letter from your sweetheart or wife, intimates that you are interested in unworthy occupations. 
I received a letter written on black paper with white ink.|To receive a letter written on black paper with white ink, denotes that gloom and disappointment will assail you, and friendly interposition will render small relief.  If the letter passes between husband and wife, it means separation under sensational charges. If lovers, look for quarrels and threats of suicide. To business people, it denotes enviousness and covetousness. 
I wrote a letter.|To dream that you write a letter, denotes that you will be hasty in condemning some one on suspicion, and regrets will follow. 
I received a letter by hand.|To receive a letter by hand, denotes that you are acting ungenerously towards your companions or sweetheart, and you also are not upright in your dealings. 
I heard my whistle.|To hear his whistle, denotes the unexpected arrival of a visitor. 
I mailed.|If you give him letters to mail, you will suffer injury through envy or jealousy. 
I gave me letters to mail.|If you give him letters to mail, you will suffer injury through envy or jealousy. 
I conversed with a letter-carrier.|To converse with a letter-carrier, you will implicate yourself in some scandalous proceedings. 
I saw a letter-file.|To see a letter-file in your dreams, is significant of important news, which will cause you an irksome journey.  For a woman, this dream implies distressful news and unfaithful friends. 
I saw lettuce growing green and thrifty.|To see lettuce growing green and thrifty, denotes that you will enjoy some greatly desired good, after an unimportant embarrassment. 
I ate lettuce.|If you eat lettuce, illness will separate you from your lover or companion, or perhaps it may be petty jealousy. 
I gathered it.|To gather it, denotes your superabundant sensitiveness, and that your jealous disposition will cause you unmitigated distress and pain. 
I bought lettuce.|To buy lettuce, denotes that you will court your own downfall. 
I thought people was liars.|To dream of thinking people are liars, foretells you will lose faith in some scheme which you had urgently put forward. For some one to call you a liar, means you will have vexations through deceitful persons. 
I thought my sweetheart a liar.|For a woman to think her sweetheart a liar, warns her that her unbecoming conduct is likely to lose her a valued friend. 
I was in a library.|To dream that you are in a library, denotes that you will grow discontented with your environments and associations and seek companionship in study and the exploration of ancient customs. 
I found myself in a library for other purpose than study.|To find yourself in a library for other purpose than study, foretells that your conduct will deceive your friends, and where you would have them believe that you had literary aspirations, you will find illicit assignations. 
I had lice on my body.|To have lice on your body, denotes that you will conduct yourself unpleasantly with your acquaintances. 
I caught lice.|To dream of catching lice, foretells sickness, and that you will cultivate morbidity. 
I was in a life-boat.|To dream of being in a life-boat, denotes escape from threatened evil. 
I saw a life-boat sinking.|To see a life-boat sinking, friends will contribute to your distress. 
I was lost in a life-boat.|To be lost in a life-boat, you will be overcome with trouble, in which your friends will be included to some extent. If you are saved, you will escape a great calamity. 
I saw life-insurance men.|To see life-insurance men in a dream, means that you are soon to meet a stranger who will contribute to your business interests, and change in your home life is foreshadowed, as interests will be mutual. 
I saw a dim light.|To see a dim light, indicates partial success. 
I saw a lighthouse through a storm.|If you see a lighthouse through a storm, difficulties and grief will assail you, but they will disperse before prosperity and happiness. 
I saw a lighthouse from a placid sea.|To see a lighthouse from a placid sea, denotes calm joys and congenial friends. 
I saw livid lightning parting black clouds.|To see livid lightning parting black clouds, sorrow and difficulties will follow close on to fortune. 
I saw the lightning above my head.|To see the lightning above your head, heralds the advent of joy and gain. 
I saw lightning in the south.|To see lightning in the south, fortune will hide herself from you for awhile. 
I saw a lightning-rod.|To see a lightning-rod, denotes that threatened destruction to some cherished work will confront you.  To see one change into a serpent, foretells enemies will succeed in their schemes against you. If the lightning strikes one, there will be an accident or sudden news to give you sorrow. 
I was having one put up.|If you are having one put up, it is a warning to beware how you begin a new enterprise, as you will likely be overtaken by disappointment. 
I had them taken down.|To have them taken down, you will change your plans and thereby further your interests.  To see many lightning rods, indicates a variety of misfortunes. 
I saw little children among the flowers.|To see little children among the flowers, indicates sickness and fragile constitutions to these little ones. 
I admired.|For a young woman to dream of admiring, or gathering, lilies, denotes much sadness coupled with joy, as the one she loves will have great physical suffering, if not an early dissolution. If she sees them withered, sorrow is even nearer than she could have suspected. 
I breathed the fragrance of lilies.|To dream that you breathe the fragrance of lilies, denotes that sorrow will purify and enhance your mental qualities. 
I limped in my walk.|To dream that you limp in your walk, denotes that a small worry will unexpectedly confront you, detracting much from your enjoyment. 
I saw others limping.|To see others limping, signifies that you will be naturally offended at the conduct of a friend.  Small failures attend this dream. 
I saw linen.|To see linen in your dream, augurs prosperity and enjoyment. 
I dressed in linen garments.|If a person appears to you dressed in linen garments, you will shortly be the recipient of joyful tidings in the nature of an inheritance. 
I was apparelled in clean.|If you are apparelled in clean, fine linen, your fortune and fullest enjoyment in life is assured.  If it be soiled, sorrow and ill luck will be met with occasionally, mingled with the good in your life. 
I saw linseed oil.|To see linseed oil in your dreams, denotes your impetuous extravagance will be checked by the kindly interference of a friend. 
I subdued the lion.|If you subdue the lion, you will be victorious in any engagement. 
I saw caged lions.|To see caged lions, denotes that your success depends upon your ability to cope with opposition. 
I saw a man controlling a lion in its cage.|To see a man controlling a lion in its cage, or out denotes success in business and great mental power.  You will be favorably regarded by women. 
I saw young lions.|To see young lions, denotes new enterprises, which will bring success if properly attended. 
I saw Daniel in the lions ' den.|For a woman to dream that she sees Daniel in the lions' den, signifies that by her intellectual qualifications and personal magnetism she will win fortune and lovers to her highest desire. 
I heard the roar of a lion.|To hear the roar of a lion, signifies unexpected advancement and preferment with women. 
I saw a lion 's head over me.|To see a lion's head over you, showing his teeth by snarls, you are threatened with defeat in your upward rise to power. 
I saw a lion 's skin.|To see a lion's skin, denotes a rise to fortune and happiness. 
I rode one.|To ride one, denotes courage and persistency in surmounting difficulties. 
I was defending my children from a lion with a pen-knife.|To dream you are defending your children from a lion with a pen-knife, foretells enemies will threaten to overpower you, and will well nigh succeed if you allow any artfulness to persuade you for a moment from duty and business obligations. 
I bought liquor.|To dream of buying liquor, denotes selfish usurpation of property upon which you have no legal claim If you sell it, you will be criticised for niggardly benevolence. 
I drank some.|To drink some, you will come into doubtful possession of wealth, but your generosity will draw around you convivial friends, and women will seek to entrance and hold you. 
I saw liquor in barrels.|To see liquor in barrels, denotes prosperity, but unfavorable tendency toward making home pleasant. 
I handled.|For a woman to dream of handling, or drinking liquor, foretells for her a happy Bohemian kind of existence. She will be good natured but shallow minded.  To treat others, she will be generous to rivals, and the indifference of lovers or husband will not seriously offset her pleasures or contentment. 
I killed a lizard.|If you kill a lizard, you will regain your lost reputation or fortune; but if it should escape, you will meet vexations and crosses in love and business. 
I carried a load.|To dream that you carry a load, signifies a long existence filled with labors of love and charity. 
I fell under a load.|To fall under a load, denotes your inability to attain comforts that are necessary to those looking to you for subsistence. 
I saw others thus engaged.|To see others thus engaged, denotes trials for them in which you will be interested. 
I saw loaves multiplied phenomenally.|To see loaves multiply phenomenally, prognosticates great success. Lovers will be happy in their chosen ones. 
I saw lobsters.|To dream of seeing lobsters, denotes great favors, and riches will endow you. 
I ate them.|If you eat them, you will sustain contamination by associating too freely with pleasure-seeking people. 
I put a lock upon my fiance'e 's neck and arm.|To put a lock upon your fiance'e's neck and arm, foretells that you are distrustful of her fidelity, but future episodes will disabuse your mind of doubt. 
I had lockjaw.|To dream that you have lockjaw, signifies there is trouble ahead for you, as some person is going to betray your confidence. For a woman to see others with lockjaw, foretells her friends will unconsciously detract from her happiness by assigning her unpleasant tasks. If stock have it, you will lose a friend. 
I saw one completely demolished.|To see one completely demolished, signifies great distress and loss of property. 
I heard one coming.|To hear one coming, denotes news of a foreign nature. Business will assume changes that will mean success to all classes. 
I heard it whistle.|To hear it whistle, you will be pleased and surprised at the appearance of a friend who has been absent, or an unexpected offer, which means preferment to you. 
I had lodgers.|For a woman to dream that she has lodgers, foretells she will be burdened with unpleasant secrets.  If one goes away without paying his bills, she will have unexpected trouble with men. For one to pay his bill, omens favor and accumulation of money. 
I saw good-looking women attending the loom.|To see good-looking women attending the loom, denotes unqualified success to those in love.  It predicts congenial pursuits to the married. It denotes you are drawing closer together in taste. 
I wove on an oldtime loom.|For a woman to dream of weaving on an oldtime loom, signifies that she will have a thrifty husband and beautiful children will fill her life with happy solicitations. 
I saw an idle loom.|To see an idle loom, denotes a sulky and stubborn person, who will cause you much anxious care. 
I repeated the Lord 's Prayer.|To dream of repeating the Lord's Prayer, foretells that you are threatened with secret foes and will need the alliance and the support of friends to tide you over difficulties. 
I saw others winning in a lottery.|To see others winning in a lottery, denotes convivialities and amusements, bringing many friends together. 
I lost in a lottery.|If you lose in a lottery, you will be the victim of designing persons. Gloomy depressions in your affairs will result. 
I saw my own fair loveliness.|If through the vista of dreams you see your own fair loveliness, fate bids you, with a gleaming light, awake to happiness. 
I was lucky.|To dream of being lucky, is highly favorable to the dreamer. Fulfilment of wishes may be expected and pleasant duties will devolve upon you. 
I was carrying my own luggage.|If you are carrying your own luggage, you will be so full of your own distresses that you will be blinded to the sorrows of others. 
I lost my luggage.|To lose your luggage, denotes some unfortunate speculation or family dissensions To the unmarried, it foretells broken engagements. 
I saw piles of lumber burning.|To see piles of lumber burning, indicates profit from an unexpected source. 
I played on one.|To dream of playing on one, is auspicious of joyful news from absent friends. 
I was surrounded by luxury.|To dream that you are surrounded by luxury, indicates much wealth, but dissipation and love of self will reduce your income. 
I enjoyed much luxury.|For a poor woman to dream that she enjoys much luxury, denotes an early change in her circumstances. 
I was lying to escape punishment.|To dream that you are lying to escape punishment, denotes that you will act dishonorably towards some innocent person. 
I scaped punishment.|To dream that you are lying to escape punishment, denotes that you will act dishonorably towards some innocent person. 
I protected a friend from undeserved chastisement.|Lying to protect a friend from undeserved chastisement, denotes that you will have many unjust criticisms passed upon your conduct, but you will rise above them and enjoy prominence. 
I saw a lynx.|To dream of seeing a lynx, enemies are undermining your business and disrupting your home affairs.  For a woman, this dream indicates that she has a wary woman rivaling her in the affections of her lover. If she kills the lynx, she will overcome her rival. 
I listened to the music of a lyre.|To dream of listening to the music of a lyre, foretells chaste pleasures and congenial companionship.  Business will run smoothly. 
I played on one.|For a young woman to dream of playing on one, denotes that she will enjoy the undivided affection of a worthy man. 
I saw or travel on a macadamized road.|To dream that you see or travel on a macadamized road, is significant of pleasant journeys, from which you will derive much benefit. For young people, this dream foretells noble aspirations. 
I saw old machinery.|To see old machinery, foretells enemies will overcome in your strivings to build up your fortune.  To become entangled in machinery, foretells loss in your business, and much unhappiness will follow. 
I saw a mad dog.|To dream of seeing a mad dog, denotes that enemies will make scurrilous attacks upon you and your friends, but if you succeed in killing the dog, you will overcome adverse opinions and prosper greatly in a financial way. 
I was mad.|To dream of being mad, shows trouble ahead for the dreamer. Sickness, by which you will lose property, is threatened. 
I saw others suffering under this malady.|To see others suffering under this malady, denotes inconstancy of friends and gloomy ending of bright expectations. 
I saw a madstone applied to a wound from the fangs of some mad animal.|To see a madstone applied to a wound from the fangs of some mad animal, denotes that you will endeavor, to the limits of your energy, to shield self from the machinations of enemies, which will soon envelop you with the pall of dishonorable defeat. 
I accomplished any design by magic.|To dream of accomplishing any design by magic, indicates pleasant surprises. 
I saw others practising this art.|To see others practising this art, denotes profitable changes to all who have this dream. 
I saw a magician.|To dream of seeing a magician, denotes much interesting travel to those concerned in the advancement of higher education, and profitable returns to the mercenary. 
I looked through a magnifying-glass.|To look through a magnifying-glass in your dreams, means failure to accomplish your work in a satisfactory manner. For a woman to think she owns one, foretells she will encourage the attention of persons who will ignore her later. 
I took malted drinks.|To dream of taking malted drinks, denotes that you will interest yourself in some dangerous affair, but will reap much benefit therefrom. 
I saw ugly-mannered persons.|To dream of seeing ugly-mannered persons, denotes failure to carry out undertakings through the disagreeableness of a person connected with the affair. 
I met people with affable manners.|If you meet people with affable manners, you will be pleasantly surprised by affairs of moment with you taking a favorable turn. 
I was in a mansion where there was a haunted chamber.|To dream that you are in a mansion where there is a haunted chamber, denotes sudden misfortune in the midst of contentment. 
I was in a mansion.|To dream of being in a mansion, indicates for you wealthy possessions. 
I saw a mansion from distant points.|To see a mansion from distant points, foretells future advancement. 
I saw.|For a woman to dream that she sees, or is in any way connected with, manslaughter, denotes that she will be desperately scared lest her name be coupled with some scandalous sensation. 
I saw a mantilla.|To dream of seeing a mantilla, denotes an unwise enterprise which will bring you into unfavorable notice. 
I saw manure.|To dream of seeing manure, is a favorable omen.  Much good will follow the dream.  Farmers especially will feel a rise in fortune. 
I was at work on manuscript.|If you are at work on manuscript, you will have many fears for some cherished hope, but if you keep the blurs out of your work you will succeed in your undertakings.  If it is rejected by the publishers, you will be hopeless for a time, but eventually your most sanguine desires will become a reality. 
I lost it.|If you lose it, you will be subjected to disappointment. 
I saw it burnt.|If you see it burn, some work of your own will bring you profit and much elevation. 
I looked for one.|To dream of looking for one, denotes that a sudden discontent with your surroundings will inspire you with new energy, and thus you will rise into better conditions.  For a young woman, this dream denotes that she will rise into higher spheres by sheer ambition. 
I saw it broken.|To see it broken, you will fall into disfavor among your associates by defying all moral codes. 
I marched to the strains of music.|To dream of marching to the strains of music, indicates that you are ambitious to become a soldier or a public official, but you should consider all things well before making final decision. 
I saw men marching.|For women to dream of seeing men marching, foretells their inclination for men in public positions.  They should be careful of their reputations, should they be thrown much with men. 
I saw mares in pastures.|To dream of seeing mares in pastures, denotes success in business and congenial companions.  If the pasture is barren, it foretells poverty, but warm friends.  For a young woman, this omens a happy marriage and beautiful children. 
I saw marigolds.|To dream of seeing marigolds, denotes contentment with frugality should be your aim. 
I was a mariner.|To dream that you are a mariner, denotes a long journey to distant countries, and much pleasure will be connected with the trip. 
I saw my vessel sailing without me.|If you see your vessel sailing without you, much personal discomfort will be wrought you by rivals. 
I was in a market.|To dream that you are in a market, denotes thrift and much activity in all occupations. 
I saw an empty market.|To see an empty market, indicates depression and gloom. 
I saw decayed vegetables or meat.|To see decayed vegetables or meat, denotes losses in business. 
I ate marmalade.|To dream of eating marmalade, denotes sickness and much dissatisfaction 
I made it.|For a young woman to dream of making it, denotes unhappy domestic associations. 
I saw a marmot.|To dream of seeing a marmot, denotes that sly enemies are approaching you in the shape of fair women. 
I married an old.|For a woman to dream that she marries an old, decrepit man, wrinkled face and gray headed, denotes she will have a vast amount of trouble and sickness to encounter.  If, while the ceremony is in progress, her lover passes, wearing black and looking at her in a reproachful way, she will be driven to desperation by the coldness and lack of sympathy of a friend. 
I saw a marriage.|To dream of seeing a marriage, denotes high enjoyment, if the wedding guests attend in pleasing colors and are happy; if they are dressed in black or other somber hues, there will be mourning and sorrow in store for the dreamer. 
I was an attendant at a wedding.|If you are an attendant at a wedding, you will experience much pleasure from the thoughtfulness of loved ones, and business affairs will be unusually promising. 
I was a bride.|For a young woman to dream that she is a bride, and unhappy or indifferent, foretells disappointments in love, and probably her own sickness. She should be careful of her conduct, as enemies are near her. 
I felt myself drawn up toward the planet.|If you feel yourself drawn up toward the planet, you will develop keen judgment and advance beyond your friends in learning and wealth. 
I was a martyr.|To dream that you are a martyr, signifies the separation from friends, and enemies will slander you. 
I was wearing a mask.|To dream that you are wearing a mask, denotes temporary trouble, as your conduct towards some dear one will be misinterpreted, and your endeavors to aid that one will be misunderstood, but you will profit by the temporary estrangements. 
I saw others masking.|To see others masking, denotes that you will combat falsehood and envy. 
I saw a mask.|To see a mask in your dreams, denotes some person will be unfaithful to you, and your affairs will suffer also. For a young woman to dream that she wears a mask, foretells she will endeavor to impose upon some friendly person. 
I saw a mason plying my trade.|To dream that you see a mason plying his trade, denotes a rise in your circumstances and a more congenial social atmosphere will surround you. 
I attended a masquerade.|To dream of attending a masquerade, denotes that you will indulge in foolish and harmful pleasures to the neglect of business and domestic duties. 
I participated in a masquerade.|For a young woman to dream that she participates in a masquerade, denotes that she will be deceived. 
I saw the masts of ships.|To dream of seeing the masts of ships, denotes long and pleasant voyages, the making of many new friends, and the gaining of new possessions. 
I saw the masts of wrecked ships.|To see the masts of wrecked ships, denotes sudden changes in your circumstances which will necessitate giving over anticipated pleasures. 
I had a master.|To dream that you have a master, is a sign of incompetency on your part to command others, and you will do better work under the leadership of some strong-willed person. 
I was a master.|If you are a master, and command many people under you, you will excel in judgment in the fine points of life, and will hold high positions and possess much wealth. 
I struck a match in the dark.|To strike a match in the dark, unexpected news and fortune is foreboded. 
I slept on a new mattress.|To sleep on a new mattress, signifies contentment with present surroundings. 
I found myself inside a mausoleum.|To find yourself inside a mausoleum, foretells your own illness. 
I had measles.|To dream that you have measles, denotes much worry, and anxious care will interfere with your business affairs. 
I lost a medal.|To lose a medal, denotes misfortune through the unfaithfulness of others. 
I gave medicine to others.|To give medicine to others, denotes that you will work to injure some one who trusted you. 
I felt melancholy over any event.|To dream that you feel melancholy over any event, is a sign of disappointment in what was thought to be favorable undertakings. 
I saw others melancholy.|To dream that you see others melancholy, denotes unpleasant interruption in affairs.  To lovers, it brings separation. 
I ate them.|To eat them, signifies that hasty action will cause you anxiety. 
I saw them growing on green vines.|To see them growing on green vines, denotes that present troubles will result in good fortune for you. 
I made memoranda.|To dream that you make memoranda, denotes that you will engage in an unprofitable business, and much worry will result for you. 
I saw others making a memorandum.|To see others making a memorandum, signifies that some person will worry you with appeals for aid. 
I lost my memorandum.|To lose your memorandum, you will experience a slight loss in trade. 
I found a memorandum.|To find a memorandum, you will assume new duties that will cause much pleasure to others. 
I visited a menagerie.|To dream of visiting a menagerie, denotes various troubles. 
I mended soiled garments.|To dream of mending soiled garments, denotes that you will undertake to right a wrong at an inopportune moment; but if the garment be clean, you will be successful in adding to your fortune. 
I mended.|For a young woman to dream of mending, foretells that she will be a systematic help to her husband. 
I was entangled in the meshes of a net.|To dream of being entangled in the meshes of a net, or other like constructions, denotes that enemies will oppress you in time of seeming prosperity.  To a young woman, this dream foretells that her environments will bring her into evil and consequent abandonment. If she succeeds in disengaging herself from the meshes, she will narrowly escape slander. 
I received a message.|To dream of receiving a message, denotes that changes will take place in your affairs. 
I sent a message.|To dream of sending a message, denotes that you will be placed in unpleasant situations. 
I saw anything metamorphose.|To dream of seeing anything metamorphose, denotes that sudden changes will take place in your life, for good or bad, as the metamorphose was pleasant or frightful. 
I killed mice.|To kill mice, denotes that you will conquer your enemies. 
I let them escape me.|To let them escape you, is significant of doubtful struggles. 
I saw a midwife.|To see a midwife in your dreams, signifies unfortunate sickness with a narrow escape from death. 
I saw or passed a mile-post.|To dream you see or pass a mile-post, foretells that you will be assailed by doubtful fears in business or love. To see one down, portends accidents are threatening to give disorder to your affairs. 
I drank milk.|To dream of drinking milk, denotes abundant harvest to the farmer and pleasure in the home; for a traveler, it foretells a fortunate voyage. This is a very propitious dream for women. 
I saw milk in large quantities.|To see milk in large quantities, signifies riches and health. 
I dealt in milk commercially.|To dream of dealing in milk commercially, denotes great increase in fortune. 
I gave milk away.|To give milk away, shows that you will be too benevolent for the good of your own fortune. 
I spilt milk.|To spill milk, denotes that you will experience a slight loss and suffer temporary unhappiness at the hands of friends. 
I drank milk.|To dream of trying unsuccessfully to drink milk, signifies that you will be in danger of losing something of value or the friendship of a highly esteemed person. 
I tried unsuccessfully to drink milk.|To dream of trying unsuccessfully to drink milk, signifies that you will be in danger of losing something of value or the friendship of a highly esteemed person. 
I milked.|To dream of milking, and it flows in great streams from the udder, while the cow is restless and threatening, signifies you will see great opportunities withheld from you, but which will result in final favor for you. 
I saw a dilapidated mill.|To see a dilapidated mill, denotes sickness and ill fortune. 
I saw clear water pouring over a mill-dam.|To dream that you see clear water pouring over a mill-dam, foretells pleasant enterprises, either of a business or social nature. If the water is muddy or impure, you will meet with losses, and troubles will arise where pleasure was anticipated. 
I saw a miller.|To see a miller in your dreams, signifies your surroundings will grow more hopeful.  For a woman to dream of a miller failing in an attempt to start his mill, foretells she will be disappointed in her lover's wealth, as she will think him in comfortable circumstances. 
I was in a mine.|To dream of being in a mine, denotes failure in affairs. 
I owned a mine.|To own a mine, denotes future wealth. 
I drank mineral water.|To dream of drinking mineral water, foretells fortune will favor your efforts, and you will enjoy your opportunities to satisfy your cravings for certain pleasures. 
I saw mining.|To see mining in your dreams, denotes that an enemy is seeking your ruin by bringing up past immoralities in your life. You will be likely to make unpleasant journeys, if you stand near the mine. 
I saw a minister.|To dream of seeing a minister, denotes unfortunate changes and unpleasant journeys. 
I heard a minister exhort.|To hear a minister exhort, foretells that some designing person will influence you to evil. 
I was a minister.|To dream that you are a minister, denotes that you will usurp another's rights. 
I saw the minuet danced.|To dream of seeing the minuet danced, signifies a pleasant existence with congenial companions. 
I danced it myself.|To dance it yourself, good fortune and domestic joys are foretold. 
I killed one.|If you kill one, you will win your desires.  For a young woman to dream that she is partial to minx furs, she will find protection and love in some person who will be inordinately jealous. 
I went through mire.|To dream of going through mire, indicates that your dearest wishes and plans will receive a temporary check by the intervention of unusual changes in your surroundings. 
I saw myself in a mirror.|To dream of seeing yourself in a mirror, denotes that you will meet many discouraging issues, and sickness will cause you distress and loss in fortune. 
I saw a broken mirror.|To see a broken mirror, foretells the sudden or violent death of some one related to you. 
I saw others in a mirror.|To see others in a mirror, denotes that others will act unfairly towards you to promote their own interests. 
I saw animals in a mirror.|To see animals in a mirror, denotes disappointment and loss in fortune. 
I broke a mirror.|For a young woman to break a mirror, foretells unfortunate friendships and an unhappy marriage.  To see her lover in a mirror looking pale and careworn, denotes death or a broken engagement. If he seems happy, a slight estrangement will arise, but it will be of short duration. 
I was befriended by a miser.|For a woman to dream that she is befriended by a miser, foretells she will gain love and wealth by her intelligence and tactful conduct. 
I was miserly.|To dream that you are miserly, denotes that you will be obnoxious to others by your conceited bearing 
I was enveloped in a mist.|To dream that you are enveloped in a mist, denotes uncertain fortunes and domestic unhappiness.  If the mist clears away, your troubles will be of short duration. 
I saw others in a mist.|To see others in a mist, you will profit by the misfortune of others. 
I saw or hear a mocking-bird.|To see or hear a mocking-bird, signifies you will be invited to go on a pleasant visit to friends, and your affairs will move along smoothly and prosperously.  For a woman to see a wounded or dead one, her disagreement with a friend or lover is signified. 
I caught a mole.|To dream of catching a mole, you will overcome any opposition and rise to prominence. 
I saw moles.|To see moles, or such blemishes, on the person, indicates illness and quarrels. 
I found money.|To dream of finding money, denotes small worries, but much happiness. Changes will follow. 
I payed out money.|To pay out money, denotes misfortune. 
I received gold.|To receive gold, great prosperity and unalloyed pleasures. 
I lost money.|To lose money, you will experience unhappy hours in the home and affairs will appear gloomy. 
I counted my money and find a deficit.|To count your money and find a deficit, you will be worried in making payments. 
I stole money.|To dream that you steal money, denotes that you are in danger and should guard your actions. 
I saved money.|To save money, augurs wealth and comfort. 
I swallowed money.|To dream that you swallow money, portends that you are likely to become mercenary. 
I looked upon a quantity of money.|To look upon a quantity of money, denotes that prosperity and happiness are within your reach. 
I found a roll of currency.|To dream you find a roll of currency, and a young woman claims it, foretells you will lose in some enterprise by the interference of some female friend.  The dreamer will find that he is spending his money unwisely and is living beyond his means. It is a dream of caution. 
I saw a monk.|To dream of seeing a monk, foretells dissensions in the family and unpleasant journeyings.  To a young woman, this dream signifies that gossip and deceit will be used against her. 
I was a monk.|To dream that you are a monk, denotes personal loss and illness. 
I saw a dead monkey.|To see a dead monkey, signifies that your worst enemies will soon be removed. 
I feeed a monkey.|For a woman to dream of feeding a monkey, denotes that she will be betrayed by a flatterer. 
I was pursued by a monster.|To dream of being pursued by a monster, denotes that sorrow and misfortune hold prominent places in your immediate future. 
I slew a monster.|To slay a monster, denotes that you will successfully cope with enemies and rise to eminent positions. 
I saw the moon with the aspect of the heavens remaining normal.|To dream of seeing the moon with the aspect of the heavens remaining normal, prognosticates success in love and business affairs. 
I saw the new moon.|To see the new moon, denotes an increase in wealth and congenial partners in marriage. 
I knew my fate.|For a young woman to dream that she appeals to the moon to know her fate, denotes that she will soon be rewarded with marriage to the one of her choice.  If she sees two moons, she will lose her lover by being mercenary.  If she sees the moon grow dim, she will let the supreme happiness of her life slip for want of womanly tact. 
I saw a blood red moon.|To see a blood red moon, indicates war and strife, and she will see her lover march away in defence of his country. 
I visited a morgue searching for some one.|To dream that you visit a morgue searching for some one, denotes that you will be shocked by news of the death of a relative or friend. 
I saw many corpses there.|To see many corpses there, much sorrow and trouble will come under your notice. 
I saw the morning dawn clear.|To see the morning dawn clear in your dreams, prognosticates a near approach of fortune and pleasure. 
I saw morocco.|To see morocco in your dreams, foretells that you will receive substantial aid from unexpected sources.  Your love will be rewarded by faithfulness. 
I gave a mortgage on my property.|To dream that you give a mortgage on your property, denotes that you are threatened with financial upheavals, which will throw you into embarrassing positions. 
I took.|To take, or hold one, against others, is ominous of adequate wealth to liquidate your obligations. 
I found myself reading or examining mortgages.|To find yourself reading or examining mortgages, denotes great possibilities before you of love or gain. 
I lost a mortgage.|To lose a mortgage, if it cannot be found again, implies loss and worry. 
I found myself morose.|If you find yourself morose in dreams, you will awake to find the world, as far as you are concerned, going fearfully wrong. 
I saw others morose.|To see others morose, portends unpleasant occupations and unpleasant companions. 
I felt mortified over any deed committed by myself.|To dream that you feel mortified over any deed committed by yourself, is a sign that you will be placed in an unenviable position before those to whom you most wish to appear honorable and just. Financial conditions will fall low. 
I saw mortified flesh.|To see mortified flesh, denotes disastrous enterprises and disappointment in love. 
I saw Moses.|To dream that you see Moses, means personal gain and a connubial alliance which will be a source of sweet congratulation to yourself. 
I saw mosquitoes.|To see mosquitoes in your dreams, you will strive in vain to remain impregnable to the sly attacks of secret enemies. Your patience and fortune will both suffer from these designing persons. 
I killed mosquitoes.|If you kill mosquitoes, you will eventually overcome obstacles and enjoy fortune and domestic bliss. 
I saw a moth.|To see a moth in a dream, small worries will lash you into hurried contracts, which will prove unsatisfactory. Quarrels of a domestic nature are prognosticated. 
I saw my mother as I appeared in the home.|To see your mother in dreams as she appears in the home, signifies pleasing results from any enterprise. 
I held me in conversation.|To hold her in conversation, you will soon have good news from interests you are anxious over. 
I saw one 's mother emaciated or dead.|To see one's mother emaciated or dead, foretells sadness caused by death or dishonor. 
I heard my mother call me.|To hear your mother call you, denotes that you are derelict in your duties, and that you are pursuing the wrong course in business. 
I heard my cry as if in pain.|To hear her cry as if in pain, omens her illness, or some affliction is menacing you. 
I crossed a mountain in company with my cousin and dead brother.|For a young woman to dream of crossing a mountain in company with her cousin and dead brother, who was smiling, denotes she will have a distinctive change in her life for the better, but there are warnings against allurements and deceitfulness of friends. If she becomes exhausted and refuses to go further, she will be slightly disappointed in not gaining quite so exalted a position as was hoped for by her. 
I ascended a mountain.|If you ascend a mountain in your dreams, and the way is pleasant and verdant, you will rise swiftly to wealth and prominence. If the mountain is rugged, and you fail to reach the top, you may expect reverses in your life, and should strive to overcome all weakness in your nature.  To awaken when you are at a dangerous point in ascending, denotes that you will find affairs taking a flattering turn when they appear gloomy. 
I wore mourning.|To dream that you wear mourning, omens ill luck and unhappiness. 
I saw a mouse-trap.|To see a mouse-trap in dreams, signifies your need to be careful of character, as wary persons have designs upon you. 
I saw it full of mice.|To see it full of mice, you will likely fall into the hands of enemies. 
I set a trap.|To set a trap, you will artfully devise means to overcome your opponents. 
I walked in mud.|To dream that you walk in mud, denotes that you will have cause to lose confidence in friendships, and there will be losses and disturbances in family circles. 
I saw others walking in mud.|To see others walking in mud, ugly rumors will reach you of some friend or employee.  To the farmer, this dream is significant of short crops and unsatisfactory gains from stock. 
I saw mud on my clothing.|To see mud on your clothing, your reputation is being assailed. To scrape it off, signifies that you will escape the calumny of enemies. 
I wore a muff.|To dream of wearing a muff, denotes that you will be well provided for against the vicissitudes of fortune. 
I saw my sweetheart wearing a muff.|For a lover to see his sweetheart wearing a muff, denotes that a worthier man will usurp his place in her affections. 
I saw mulberries.|To see mulberries in your dreams, denotes that sickness will prevent you from obtaining your desires, and you will be called upon often to relieve suffering. 
I ate them.|To eat them, signifies bitter disappointments. 
I was kicked by a mule.|To be kicked by a mule, foretells disappointment in love and marriage. 
I saw one dead.|To see one dead, portends broken engagements and social decline. 
I saw murder committed.|To see murder committed in your dreams, foretells much sorrow arising from the misdeeds of others.  Affair will assume dulness. Violent deaths will come under your notice. 
I committed murder.|If you commit murder, it signifies that you are engaging in some dishonorable adventure, which will leave a stigma upon your name. 
I was murdered.|To dream that you are murdered, foretells that enemies are secretly working to overthrow you. 
I saw my muscle well developed.|To dream of seeing your muscle well developed, you will have strange encounters with enemies, but you will succeed in surmounting their evil works, and gain fortune. 
I heard harmonious music.|To dream of hearing harmonious music, omens pleasure and prosperity. 
I saw musical instruments.|To see musical instruments, denotes anticipated pleasures. 
I saw mushrooms.|To see mushrooms in your dreams, denotes unhealthy desires, and unwise haste in amassing wealth, as it may vanish in law suits and vain pleasures. 
I ate them.|To eat them, signifies humiliation and disgraceful love. 
I had a mustache.|To dream that you have a mustache, denotes that your egotism and effrontery will cause you a poor inheritance in worldy{sic} goods, and you will betray women to their sorrow. 
I saw mustard growing.|To see mustard growing, and green, foretells success and joy to the farmer, and to the seafaring it prognosticates wealth. 
I ate mustard seed and feel the burning in my mouth.|To eat mustard seed and feel the burning in your mouth, denotes that you will repent bitterly some hasty action, which has caused you to suffer. 
I ate green mustard cooked.|To dream of eating green mustard cooked, indicates the lavish waste of fortune, and mental strain. 
I ate newly grown mustard.|For a young woman to eat newly grown mustard, foretells that she will sacrifice wealth for personal desires. 
I conversed with a mute.|To converse with a mute in your dreams, foretells that unusual crosses in your life will fit you for higher positions, which will be tendered you. 
I was a mute.|To dream that you are a mute, portends calamities and unjust persecution. 
I saw myrrh.|To see myrrh in a dream, signifies your investments will give satisfaction. For a young woman to dream of myrrh, brings a pleasing surprise to her in the way of a new and wealthy acquaintance. 
I saw myrtle in foliage and bloom.|To see myrtle in foliage and bloom in your dream, denotes that your desires will be gratified, and pleasures will possess you. 
I wore a sprig of myrtle.|For a young woman to dream of wearing a sprig of myrtle, foretells to her an early marriage with a well-to do and intelligent man. 
I saw it withered.|To see it withered, denotes that she will miss happiness through careless conduct. 
I found myself bewildered by some mysterious event.|To find yourself bewildered by some mysterious event, denotes that strangers will harass you with their troubles and claim your aid. It warns you also of neglected duties, for which you feel much aversion. Business will wind you into unpleasant complications. 
I found myself studying the mysteries of creation.|To find yourself studying the mysteries of creation, denotes that a change will take place in your life, throwing you into a higher atmosphere of research and learning, and thus advancing you nearer the attainment of true pleasure and fortune. 
I saw nails.|To see nails in your dreams, indicates much toil and small recompense. 
I dealt in nails.|To deal in nails, shows that you will engage in honorable work, even if it be lowly. 
I saw rusty or broken nails.|To see rusty or broken nails, indicates sickness and failure in business. 
I was naked.|To dream that you are naked, foretells scandal and unwise engagements. 
I saw others naked.|To see others naked, foretells that you will be tempted by designing persons to leave the path of duty.  Sickness will be no small factor against your success. 
I admired my nudity.|For a young woman to dream that she admires her nudity, foretells that she will win, but not hold honest men's regard. She will win fortune by her charms.  If she thinks herself ill-formed, her reputation will be sullied by scandal. If she dreams of swimming in clear water naked, she will enjoy illicit loves, but nature will revenge herself by sickness, or loss of charms.  If she sees naked men swimming in clear water, she will have many admirers.  If the water is muddy, a jealous admirer will cause ill-natured gossip about her. 
I was nearsighted.|To dream that you are nearsighted, signifies embarrassing failure and unexpected visits from unwelcome persons. For a young woman, this dream foretells unexpected rivalry. 
I saw my own neck.|To dream that you see your own neck, foretells that vexatious family relations will interfere with your business. 
I admired the neck of another.|To admire the neck of another, signifies your worldly mindedness will cause broken domestic ties. 
I received a necklace.|For a woman to dream of receiving a necklace, omens for her a loving husband and a beautiful home. 
I lost a necklace.|To lose a necklace, she will early feel the heavy hand of bereavement. 
I was in need.|To dream that you are in need, denotes that you will speculate unwisely and distressing news of absent friends will oppress you. 
I saw others in need.|To see others in need, foretells that unfortunate affairs will affect yourself with others. 
I used a needle.|To use a needle in your dream, is a warning of approaching affliction, in which you will suffer keenly the loss of sympathy, which is rightfully yours. 
I threaded a needle.|To dream of threading a needle, denotes that you will be burdened with the care of others than your own household. 
I looked for a needle.|To look for a needle, foretells useless worries. 
I found a needle.|To find a needle, foretells that you will have friends who will appreciate you. 
I broke one.|To break one, signifies loneliness and poverty. 
I saw a negro standing on my green lawn.|To dream of seeing a negro standing on your green lawn, is a sign that while your immediate future seems filled with prosperity and sweetest joys, there will creep into it unavoidable discord, which will veil all brightness in gloom for a season. 
I saw a burly negro.|To dream of seeing a burly negro, denotes formidable rivals in affection and business. 
I saw a mulatto.|To see a mulatto, constant worries and friction with hirelings is foretold. 
I was held by a negro.|For a young woman to dream of being held by a negro, portends for her many disagreeable duties.  She is likely to meet with and give displeasure. She will quarrel with her dearest friends. 
I saw one nude.|To see one nude, abject despair, and failure to cope with treachery may follow.  Enemies will work you signal harm, and bad news from the absent may be expected. 
I met with a trusty negro in a place where I ought not to be.|To meet with a trusty negro in a place where he ought not to be, foretells you will be deceived by some person in whom you placed great confidence.  You are likely to be much exasperated over the conduct of a servant or some person under your orders. Delays and vexations may follow. 
I was.|To meet with a trusty negro in a place where he ought not to be, foretells you will be deceived by some person in whom you placed great confidence.  You are likely to be much exasperated over the conduct of a servant or some person under your orders. Delays and vexations may follow. 
I was preaching to negroes was a warning to protect my interest.|To think that you are preaching to negroes is a warning to protect your interest, as false friends are dealing surreptitiously with you. To hear a negro preaching denotes you will be greatly worried over material matters and servants are giving cause for uneasiness. 
I protected my interest.|To think that you are preaching to negroes is a warning to protect your interest, as false friends are dealing surreptitiously with you. To hear a negro preaching denotes you will be greatly worried over material matters and servants are giving cause for uneasiness. 
I thought that I was preaching to negroes was a warning to protect my interest.|To think that you are preaching to negroes is a warning to protect your interest, as false friends are dealing surreptitiously with you. To hear a negro preaching denotes you will be greatly worried over material matters and servants are giving cause for uneasiness. 
I saw my neighbors.|To see your neighbors in your dreams, denotes many profitable hours will be lost in useless strife and gossip.  If they appear sad, or angry, it foretells dissensions and quarrels. 
I saw birds ' nests.|To dream of seeing birds' nests, denotes that you will be interested in an enterprise which will be prosperous. For a young woman, this dream foretells change of abode. 
I saw an empty nest.|To see an empty nest, indicates sorrow through the absence of a friend. 
I ensnared anything with a net.|To dream of ensnaring anything with a net, denotes that you will be unscrupulous in your dealings and deportment with others. 
I walked among nettles without being stung.|If in your dreams you walk among nettles without being stung, you will be prosperous. 
I was stung by them.|To be stung by them, you will be discontented with yourself and make others unhappy. 
I passed through nettles.|For a young woman to dream of passing through nettles, foretells that she will be offered marriage by different men, and her decision will fill her with anxious foreboding. 
I heard good news.|To hear good news in a dream, denotes that you will be fortunate in affairs, and have harmonious companions; but if the news be bad, contrary conditions will exist. 
I printed a newspaper.|To print a newspaper, you will have opportunities of making foreign journeys and friends. 
I unwillinglied see them.|If in your dreams you unwillingly see them, you will be annoyed with small talk, and perhaps quarrels of a low character. 
I was a newspaper reporter.|If you are a newspaper reporter in your dreams, there will be a varied course of travel offered you, though you may experience unpleasant situations, yet there will be some honor and gain attached. 
I was surrounded by night.|If you are surrounded by night in your dreams, you may expect unusual oppression and hardships in business.  If the night seems to be vanishing, conditions which hitherto seemed unfavorable will now grow bright, and affairs will assume prosperous phases. 
I was attacked with this hideous sensation.|To dream of being attacked with this hideous sensation, denotes wrangling and failure in business.  For a young woman, this is a dream prophetic of disappointment and unmerited slights. It may also warn the dreamer to be careful of her health, and food. 
I was listening to the harmonious notes of the nightingale.|To dream that you are listening to the harmonious notes of the nightingale, foretells a pleasing existence, and prosperous and healthy surroundings. This is a most favorable dream to lovers, and parents. 
I saw nightingales silent.|To see nightingales silent, foretells slight misunderstandings among friends. 
I played ninepins.|To dream that you play ninepins, denotes that you are foolishly wasting your energy and opportunities. You should be careful in the selection of companions. All phases of this dream are bad. 
I associated with the nobility.|To dream of associating with the nobility, denotes that your aspirations are not of the right nature, as you prefer show and pleasures to the higher development of the mind. 
I heard a strange noise.|If you hear a strange noise in your dream, unfavorable news is presaged. If the noise awakes you, there will be a sudden change in your affairs. 
I saw my own nose.|To see your own nose, indicates force of character, and consciousness of your ability to accomplish whatever enterprise you may choose to undertake. 
I felt a numbness creeping over me.|To dream that you feel a numbness creeping over you, in your dreams, is a sign of illness, and disquieting conditions 
I saw a dead nun.|To see a dead nun, signifies despair over the unfaithfulness of loved ones, and impoverished fortune. 
I discarded the robes of my order.|For one to dream that she discards the robes of her order, foretells that longing for worldly pleasures will unfit her for her chosen duties. 
I saw a nurse leaving my house.|To see a nurse leaving your house, omens good health in the family. 
I was a nurse.|For a young woman to dream that she is a nurse, denotes that she will gain the esteem of people, through her self-sacrifice. If she parts from a patient, she will yield to the persuasion of deceit. 
I saw my wife nurse their baby.|For a man to dream of seeing his wife nurse their baby, denotes harmony in his pursuits. 
I ate them.|To eat them, prosperity will aid you in grasping any desired pleasure. 
I saw nymphs bathing in clear water.|To see nymphs bathing in clear water, denotes that passionate desires will find an ecstatic realization.  Convivial entertainments will enchant you. 
I saw them out of their sphere.|To see them out of their sphere, denotes disappointment with the world. 
I saw them bathing.|For a young woman to see them bathing, denotes that she will have great favor and pleasure, but they will not rest strictly within the moral code. To dream that she impersonates a nymph, is a sign that she is using her attractions for selfish purposes, and thus the undoing of men. 
I passed afterward.|``_And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions_.''-- Joel ii., 28 
I saw a forest of oaks.|To dream of seeing a forest of oaks, signifies great prosperity in all conditions of life. 
I saw an oak full of acorns.|To see an oak full of acorns, denotes increase and promotion. 
I handled oars.|To dream of handling oars, portends disappointments for you, inasmuch as you will sacrifice your own pleasure for the comfort of others. 
I lost an oar.|To lose an oar, denotes vain efforts to carry out designs satisfactorily. 
I took an oath.|Whenever you take an oath in your dreams, prepare for dissension and altercations on waking. 
I prepared it for the table.|For a young woman to dream of preparing it for the table, denotes that she will soon preside over the destiny of others. 
I saw decayed oats.|To see decayed oats, foretells that sorrow will displace bright hopes. 
I rendered obedience to another.|To dream that you render obedience to another, foretells for you a common place, a pleasant but uneventful period of life. 
I stood at the base of an obelisk.|For lovers to stand at the base of an obelisk, denotes fatal disagreements. 
I wrote an obituary.|To dream of writing an obituary, denotes that unpleasant and discordant duties will devolve upon you. 
I read one.|If you read one, news of a distracting nature will soon reach you. 
I obligated myself in any incident.|To dream of obligating yourself in any incident, denotes that you will be fretted and worried by the thoughtless complaints of others. 
I viewed the heavens and beautiful landscapes from an observatory.|To dream of viewing the heavens and beautiful landscapes from an observatory, denotes your swift elevation to prominent positions and places of trust. For a young woman this dream signals the realization of the highest earthly joys.  If the heavens are clouded, your highest aims will miss materialization. 
I listened to the teachings of an occultist.|To dream that you listen to the teachings of an occultist, denotes that you will strive to elevate others to a higher plane of justice and forbearance. If you accept his views, you will find honest delight by keeping your mind and person above material frivolities and pleasures. 
I was far out on the ocean.|To be far out on the ocean, and hear the waves lash the ship, forebodes disaster in business life, and quarrels and stormy periods in the household. 
I was on shore and see the waves of the ocean foaming against each other.|To be on shore and see the waves of the ocean foaming against each other, foretells your narrow escape from injury and the designs of enemies. 
I allowed wading.|To dream of seeing the ocean so shallow as to allow wading, or a view of the bottom, signifies prosperity and pleasure with a commingling of sorrow and hardships. 
I saw the ocean so shallow as to allow wading.|To dream of seeing the ocean so shallow as to allow wading, or a view of the bottom, signifies prosperity and pleasure with a commingling of sorrow and hardships. 
I sailed on the ocean when it was calm.|To sail on the ocean when it is calm, is always propitious. 
I consulted an oculist.|To dream of consulting an oculist, denotes that you will be dissatisfied with your progress in life, and will use artificial means of advancement. 
I joined this order.|To join this order, foretells that you will win distinction and conjugal bliss. 
I inhaled sweet odors.|To dream of inhaling sweet odors, is a sign of a beautiful woman ministering to your daily life, and successful financiering. 
I smelt disgusting odors.|To smell disgusting odors, foretells unpleasant disagreements and unreliable servants. 
I was offended.|To dream of being offended, denotes that errors will be detected in your conduct, which will cause you inward rage while attempting to justify yourself. 
I gave offense.|To give offense, predicts for you many struggles before reaching your aims. 
I gave.|For a young woman to give, or take offense, signifies that she will regret hasty conclusions, and disobedience to parents or guardian. 
I brought or make an offering.|To bring or make an offering, foretells that you will be cringing and hypocritical unless you cultivate higher views of duty. 
I held office.|For a person to dream that he holds office, denotes that his aspirations will sometimes make him undertake dangerous paths, but his boldness will be rewarded with success.  If he fails by any means to secure a desired office he will suffer keen disappointment in his affairs. 
I was turned out of office.|To dream that you are turned out of office, signifies loss of valuables. 
I saw the offspring of domestic animals.|To see the offspring of domestic animals, denotes increase in prosperity. 
I anointed with oil.|To dream of anointing with oil, foretells events in which you will be the particular moving power. 
I was anointed with oil.|For a woman to dream that she is anointed with oil, shows that she will be open to indiscreet advances. 
I dealt in it.|To deal in it, denotes uncertain speculations. 
I made ointment.|For a young woman to dream that she makes ointment, denotes that she will be able to command her own affairs whether they be of a private or public character. 
I saw an old man.|To dream of seeing an old man, or woman, denotes that unhappy cares will oppress you, if they appear otherwise than serene. 
I took them from bottles.|If you take them from bottles, it foretells conviviality 
I broke a bottle of olives.|To break a bottle of olives, indicates disappointments on the eve of pleasure. 
I ate them.|To eat them, signifies contentment and faithful friends. 
I saw omelet being served.|To see omelet being served in your dream, warns you of flattery and deceit, which is about to be used against you. 
I ate it.|To eat it, shows that you will be imposed upon by some one seemingly worthy of your confidence. 
I was being drawn through the streets in an omnibus.|To dream that you are being drawn through the streets in an omnibus, foretells misunderstandings with friends, and unwise promises will be made by you. 
I saw one-eyed creatures.|To see one-eyed creatures in your dreams, is portentous of an over-whelming intimation of secret intriguing against your fortune and happiness. 
I ate them.|If you eat them, you will overcome all opposition. 
I saw them growing.|If you see them growing, there will be just enough of rivalry in your affairs, to make things interesting. 
I was cutting onions and feel the escaping juice in my eyes.|To dream that you are cutting onions and feel the escaping juice in your eyes, denotes that you will be defeated by your rivals. 
I attended an opera.|To dream of attending an opera, denotes that you will be entertained by congenial friends, and find that your immediate affairs will be favorable. 
I lived in fairy like opulence.|For a young woman to dream that she lives in fairy like opulence, denotes that she will be deceived, and will live for a time in luxurious ease and splendor, to find later that she is mated with shame and poverty. When young women dream that they are enjoying solid and real wealth and comforts, they will always wake to find some real pleasure, but when abnormal or fairy-like dreams of luxury and joy seem to encompass them, their waking moments will be filled with disappointments; as the dreams are warnings, superinduced by their practicality being supplanted by their excitable imagination and lazy desires, which should be overcome with energy, and the replacing of practicality on her base. No young woman should fill her mind with idle day dreams, but energetically strive to carry forward noble ideals and thoughts, and promising and helpful dreams will come to her while she restores physical energies in sleep. 
I slipped on an orange peel.|To slip on an orange peel, foretells the death of a relative. 
I bought oranges at my wife 's solicitation.|To buy oranges at your wife's solicitation, and she eats them, denotes that unpleasant complications will resolve themselves into profit. 
I was in an orchard and see hogs eating the fallen fruit.|If you are in an orchard and see hogs eating the fallen fruit, it is a sign that you will lose property in trying to claim what are not really your own belongings. 
I gathered the ripe fruit.|To gather the ripe fruit, is a happy omen of plenty to all classes. 
I was caught in brambles.|To be caught in brambles, while passing through an orchard, warns you of a jealous rival, or, if married, a private but large row with your partner. 
I saw one robbed of its verdure by seeming winter.|If you see one robbed of its verdure by seeming winter, it denotes that you have been careless of the future in the enjoyment of the present. 
I saw a storm-swept orchard.|To see a storm-swept orchard, brings an unwelcome guest, or duties. 
I heard the music of an orchestra.|To hear the music of an orchestra, denotes that the knowledge of humanity will at all times prove you to be a much-liked person, and favors will fall unstintedly upon you. 
I heard the pealing forth of an organ in grand anthems.|To hear the pealing forth of an organ in grand anthems, signifies lasting friendships and well-grounded fortune. 
I saw an organ in a church.|To see an organ in a church, denotes despairing separation of families, and death, perhaps, for some of them. 
I heard doleful singing and organ accompaniment.|To hear doleful singing and organ accompaniment, denotes you are nearing a wearisome task, and probable loss of friends or position. 
I saw an organist.|To see an organist in your dreams, denotes a friend will cause you much inconvenience from hasty action.  For a young woman to dream that she is an organist, foretells she will be so exacting in her love that she will be threatened with desertion. 
I wore ornaments.|If you wear ornaments in dreams, you will have a flattering honor conferred upon you. 
I received them.|If you receive them, you will be fortunate in undertakings. 
I caught one.|To catch one, your resources will enable you to enjoy travel and extensive knowledge. 
I found myself luxuriously reposing upon an ottoman.|Dreams in which you find yourself luxuriously reposing upon an ottoman, discussing the intricacies of love with your sweetheart, foretells that envious rivals will seek to defame you in the eyes of your affianced, and a hasty marriage will be advised. 
I worked on an ouija board.|To dream of working on an ouija board, foretells the miscarriage of plans and unlucky partnerships. 
I failed to work.|To fail to work, one is ominous of complications, caused by substituting pleasure for business. 
I worked.|To fail to work, one is ominous of complications, caused by substituting pleasure for business. 
I saw a man wearing over-alls.|For a woman to dream that she sees a man wearing over-alls, she will be deceived as to the real character of her lover. If a wife, she will be deceived in her husband's frequent absence, and the real cause will create suspicions of his fidelity. 
I heard the solemn.|To hear the solemn, unearthly sound of the muffled voice of the owl, warns dreamers that death creeps closely in the wake of health and joy. Precaution should be taken that life is not ruthlessly exposed to his unyielding grasp.  Bad tidings of the absent will surely follow this dream. 
I saw a dead owl.|To see a dead owl, denotes a narrow escape from desperate illness or death. 
I saw an owl.|To see an owl, foretells that you will be secretly maligned and be in danger from enemies. 
I saw a well-fed ox.|To see a well-fed ox, signifies that you will become a leading person in your community, and receive much adulation from women. 
I saw fat oxen in green pastures.|To see fat oxen in green pastures, signifies fortune, and your rise to positions beyond your expectations. If they are lean, your fortune will dwindle, and your friends will fall away from you. 
I saw oxen well-matched and yoked.|If you see oxen well-matched and yoked, it betokens a happy and wealthy marriage, or that you are already joined to your true mate. 
I saw a dead ox.|To see a dead ox, is a sign of bereavement. 
I ate oysters.|If you dream that you eat oysters, it denotes that you will lose all sense of propriety and morality in your pursuit of low pleasures, and the indulgence of an insatiate thirst for gaining. 
I dealt in oysters.|To deal in oysters, denotes that you will not be over-modest in your mode of winning a sweetheart, or a fortune. 
I saw them.|To see them, denotes easy circumstances, and many children are promised you. 
I saw oyster shells.|To see oyster shells in your dreams, denotes that you will be frustrated in your attempt to secure the fortune of another. 
I pacified suffering ones.|To endeavor to pacify suffering ones, denotes that you will be loved for your sweetness of disposition.  To a young woman, this dream is one of promise of a devoted husband or friends. 
I endeavorred to pacify suffering ones.|To endeavor to pacify suffering ones, denotes that you will be loved for your sweetness of disposition.  To a young woman, this dream is one of promise of a devoted husband or friends. 
I saw a packet coming in.|To dream of seeing a packet coming in, foretells that some pleasant recreation is in store for you. 
I saw one going out.|To see one going out, you will experience slight losses and disappointments. 
I saw a page.|To see a page, denotes that you will contract a hasty union with one unsuited to you.  You will fail to control your romantic impulses. 
I saw a pagoda.|To see a pagoda in your dreams, denotes that you will soon go on a long desired journey. 
I was carrying a pail.|For a young woman to be carrying a pail, denotes household employment. 
I was in pain.|To dream that you are in pain, will make sure of your own unhappiness. This dream foretells useless regrets over some trivial transaction. 
I saw others in pain.|To see others in pain, warns you that you are making mistakes in your life. 
I saw newly painted houses.|To see newly painted houses in dreams, foretells that you will succeed with some devised plan. 
I had paint on my clothing.|To have paint on your clothing, you will be made unhappy by the thoughtless criticisms of others. 
I used the brush myself.|To dream that you use the brush yourself, denotes that you will be well pleased with your present occupation. 
I saw beautiful paintings.|To dream of seeing beautiful paintings, denotes that friends will assume false positions towards you, and you will find that pleasure is illusive. 
I painted a picture.|For a young woman to dream of painting a picture, she will be deceived in her lover, as he will transfer his love to another. 
I saw and heard fine ladies and men dancing and conversing.|To see and hear fine ladies and men dancing and conversing, denotes that you will engage in profitable and pleasing associations. 
I was a participant in the entertainment.|For a young woman of moderate means to dream that she is a participant in the entertainment, and of equal social standing with others, is a sign of her advancement through marriage, or the generosity of relatives. 
I saw a pall.|To dream that you see a pall, denotes that you will have sorrow and misfortune. 
I raised the pall from a corpse.|If you raise the pall from a corpse, you will doubtless soon mourn the death of one whom you love. 
I passed down an avenue of palms.|For a young woman to pass down an avenue of palms, omens a cheerful home and a faithful husband.  If the palms are withered, some unexpected sorrowful event will disturb her serenity. 
I was afflicted with palsy.|To dream that you are afflicted with palsy, denotes that you are making unstable contracts. 
I saw my friend so afflicted.|To see your friend so afflicted, there will be uncertainty as to his faithfulness and sickness, too, may enter your home. 
I cooked them.|To cook them, denotes that you will be economical and thrifty in your home. 
I handled a pane of glass.|To dream that you handle a pane of glass, denotes that you are dealing in uncertainties.  If you break it, your failure will be accentuated. 
I talked to a person through a pane of glass.|To talk to a person through a pane of glass, denotes that there are obstacles in your immediate future, and they will cause you no slight inconvenience. 
I saw a panther and experience fright.|To see a panther and experience fright, denotes that contracts in love or business may be canceled unexpectedly, owing to adverse influences working against your honor.  But killing, or over-powering it, you will experience joy and be successful in your undertakings. Your surroundings will take on fair prospects. 
I heard the voice of a panther.|If you hear the voice of a panther, and experience terror or fright, you will have unfavorable news, coming in the way of reducing profit or gain, and you may have social discord; no fright forebodes less evil. 
I saw pantomimes.|To dream of seeing pantomimes, denotes that your friends will deceive you. If you participate in them, you will have cause of offense. Affairs will not prove satisfactory. 
I had occasion to refer to.|If you have occasion in your dreams to refer to, or handle, any paper or parchment, you will be threatened with losses. They are likely to be in the nature of a lawsuit. For a young woman, it means that she will be angry with her lover and that she fears the opinion of acquaintances. Beware, if you are married, of disagreements in the precincts of the home. 
I referred to.|If you have occasion in your dreams to refer to, or handle, any paper or parchment, you will be threatened with losses. They are likely to be in the nature of a lawsuit. For a young woman, it means that she will be angry with her lover and that she fears the opinion of acquaintances. Beware, if you are married, of disagreements in the precincts of the home. 
I was in Paradise.|To dream that you are in Paradise, means loyal friends, who are willing to aid you.  This dream holds out bright hopes to sailors or those about to make a long voyage.  To mothers, this means fair and obedient children.  If you are sick and unfortunate, you will have a speedy recovery and your fortune will ripen. To lovers, it is the promise of wealth and faithfulness. 
I started to Paradise and find myself bewildered and lost.|To dream that you start to Paradise and find yourself bewildered and lost, you will undertake enterprises which look exceedingly feasible and full of fortunate returns, but which will prove disappointing and vexatious. 
I carried a parcel.|If you carry a parcel, you will have some unpleasant task to perform. 
I went to deliver it.|To let a parcel fall on the way as you go to deliver it, you will see some deal fail to go through. 
I let a parcel fall on the way as I went to deliver it.|To let a parcel fall on the way as you go to deliver it, you will see some deal fail to go through. 
I delivered it.|To let a parcel fall on the way as you go to deliver it, you will see some deal fail to go through. 
I was endeavoring to gain pardon for an offense which I never committed.|To dream that you are endeavoring to gain pardon for an offense which you never committed, denotes that you will be troubled, and seemingly with cause, over your affairs, but it will finally appear that it was for your advancement.  If offense was committed, you will realize embarrassment in affairs. 
I gained pardon for an offense which I never committed.|To dream that you are endeavoring to gain pardon for an offense which you never committed, denotes that you will be troubled, and seemingly with cause, over your affairs, but it will finally appear that it was for your advancement.  If offense was committed, you will realize embarrassment in affairs. 
I neverred committed.|To dream that you are endeavoring to gain pardon for an offense which you never committed, denotes that you will be troubled, and seemingly with cause, over your affairs, but it will finally appear that it was for your advancement.  If offense was committed, you will realize embarrassment in affairs. 
I received pardon.|To receive pardon, you will prosper after a series of misfortunes. 
I saw my parents looking cheerful.|To see your parents looking cheerful while dreaming, denotes harmony and pleasant associates. 
I saw them while they was living.|To see them while they are living, and they seem to be in your home and happy, denotes pleasant changes for you. To a young woman, this usually brings marriage and prosperity. If pale and attired in black, grave disappointments will harass you. 
I saw my parents looking robust and contented.|To dream of seeing your parents looking robust and contented, denotes you are under fortunate environments; your business and love interests will flourish. If they appear indisposed or sad, you will find life's favors passing you by without recognition. 
I saw them in repose.|To see them in repose, denotes a peaceful intermission of family broils. 
I owned a parrot.|For a young woman to dream that she owns a parrot, denotes that her lover will believe her to be quarrelsome. 
I taught a parrot.|To teach a parrot, you will have trouble in your private affairs. 
I ate parsley.|To eat parsley, is a sign of good health, but the care of a large family will be your portion. 
I saw or eat parsnips.|To see or eat parsnips, is a favorable omen of successful business or trade, but love will take on unfavorable and gloomy aspects. 
I parted with friends and companions.|To dream of parting with friends and companions, denotes that many little vexations will come into your daily life. 
I saw my business partner with a basket of crockery on my back.|To dream of seeing your business partner with a basket of crockery on his back, and, letting it fall, gets it mixed with other crockery, denotes your business will sustain a loss through the indiscriminate dealings of your partner.  If you reprimand him for it, you will, to some extent, recover the loss. 
I formed a partnership with a man.|To dream of forming a partnership with a man, denotes uncertain and fluctuating money affairs.  If your partner be a woman, you will engage in some enterprise which you will endeavor to keep hidden from friends. 
I dissolved an unpleasant partnership.|To dissolve an unpleasant partnership, denotes that things will arrange themselves agreeable to your desires; but if the partnership was pleasant, there will be disquieting news and disagreeable turns in your affairs. 
I ensnared them.|To ensnare them, signifies that you will be fortunate in expectations. 
I killed them.|To kill them, foretells that you will be successful, but much of your wealth will be given to others. 
I ate them.|To eat them, signifies the enjoyment of deserved honors. 
I saw them flying.|To see them flying, denotes that a promising future is before you. 
I attended a party of any kind for pleasure.|To dream of attending a party of any kind for pleasure, you will find that life has much good, unless the party is an inharmonious one. 
I saw passengers coming in with their luggage.|To dream that you see passengers coming in with their luggage, denotes improvement in your surroundings.  If they are leaving you will lose an opportunity of gaining some desired property. If you are one of the passengers leaving home, you will be dissatisfied with your present living and will seek to change it. 
I heard a passing bell.|To hear a passing bell, unexpected intelligence of the sorrow or illness of the absent. 
I rung one myself.|To ring one yourself, denotes ill health and reverses. 
I ate it.|To eat it, implies heartfelt friendships. 
I had patches upon my clothing.|To dream that you have patches upon your clothing, denotes that you will show no false pride in the discharge of obligations. 
I saw others wearing patches.|To see others wearing patches, denotes want and misery are near. 
I did family patching.|For a woman to do family patching, denotes close and loving bonds in the family, but a scarcity of means is portended. 
I secured a patent.|To dream of securing a patent, denotes that you will be careful and painstaking with any task you set about to accomplish. If you fail in securing your patent, you will suffer failure for the reason that you are engaging in enterprises for which you have no ability. 
I bought one.|If you buy one, you will have occasion to make a tiresome and fruitless journey. 
I saw one.|To see one, you will suffer unpleasantness from illness. 
I resorted to patent medicine in my search for health.|To dream that you resort to patent medicine in your search for health, denotes that you will use desperate measures in advancing your fortune, but you will succeed, to the disappointment of the envious. 
I saw or manufacture patent medicines.|To see or manufacture patent medicines, you will rise from obscurity to positions above your highest imaginings. 
I was walking in a narrow and rough path.|To dream that you are walking in a narrow and rough path, stumbling over rocks and other obstructions, denotes that you will have a rough encounter with adversity, and feverish excitement will weigh heavily upon you. 
I found my path.|To dream that you are trying to find your path, foretells that you will fail to accomplish some work that you have striven to push to desired ends. 
I was trying to find my path.|To dream that you are trying to find your path, foretells that you will fail to accomplish some work that you have striven to push to desired ends. 
I walked through a pathway bordered with green grass and flowers.|To walk through a pathway bordered with green grass and flowers, denotes your freedom from oppressing loves. 
I saw a large paunch.|To see a large paunch, denotes wealth and the total absence of refinement. 
I saw a shriveled paunch.|To see a shriveled paunch, foretells illness and reverses. 
I was a pauper.|To dream that you are a pauper, implies unpleasant happenings for you. 
I saw paupers.|To see paupers, denotes that there will be a call upon your generosity. 
I entered a pawn-shop.|If in your dreams you enter a pawn-shop, you will find disappointments and losses in your waking moments. 
I went to a pawn-shop.|For a woman to go to a pawn-shop, denotes that she is guilty of indiscretions, and she is likely to regret the loss of a friend. 
I redeemed an article.|To redeem an article, denotes that you will regain lost positions. 
I saw a pawn-shop.|To dream that you see a pawn-shop, denotes you are negligent of your trust and are in danger of sacrificing your honorable name in some salacious affair. 
I saw dried peaches.|To see dried peaches, denotes that enemies will steal from you. 
I gathered luscious peaches from well-filled trees.|For a young woman to dream of gathering luscious peaches from well-filled trees, she will, by her personal charms and qualifications, win a husband rich in worldly goods and wise in travel. If the peaches prove to be green and knotty, she will meet with unkindness from relatives and ill health will steal away her attractions. 
I owned peacocks.|For a woman to dream that she owns peacocks, denotes that she will be deceived in her estimate of man's honor. 
I heard their harsh voices while looking upon their proudly spread plumage.|To hear their harsh voices while looking upon their proudly spread plumage, denotes that some beautiful and well-appearing person will work you discomfort and uneasiness of mind. 
I admired the golden fruit upon graceful trees.|To admire the golden fruit upon graceful trees, denotes that fortune will wear a more promising aspect than formerly. 
I gathered them.|To dream of gathering them, denotes pleasant surprises will follow quickly upon disappointment. 
I preserved them.|To preserve them, denotes that you will take reverses philosophically. 
I saw them growing.|To see them growing, denotes fortunate enterprises. 
I gathered them.|To gather them, signifies that your plans will culminate in good and you will enjoy the fruits of your labors. 
I saw dried peas.|To see dried peas, denotes that you are overtaxing your health. 
I ate dried peas.|To eat dried peas, foretells that you will, after much success, suffer a slight decrease in pleasure or wealth. 
I saw them growing among leaves.|To see them growing among leaves, signifies a long, peaceful existence. Failure in love or business will follow in proportion as the pecan is decayed. 
I cracked and the fruit was small.|If they are difficult to crack and the fruit is small, you will succeed after much trouble and expense, but returns will be meagre. 
I caught one.|To catch one, you will be able to overcome disappointing influences. 
I killed one.|To kill one, denotes that you will cruelly set aside the rights of others. 
I saw them flying.|To see them flying, you are threatened with changes, which will impress you with ideas of uncertainty as to good. 
I had penalties imposed upon me.|To dream that you have penalties imposed upon you, foretells that you will have duties that will rile you and find you rebellious. 
I payed a penalty.|To pay a penalty, denotes sickness and financial loss. To escape the payment, you will be victor in some contest. 
I lost them.|To lose them, signifies small deference and failures. 
I found them.|To find them, denotes that prospects will advance to your improvement. 
I counted pennies.|To count pennies, foretells that you will be business-like and economical. 
I drew a pension.|To dream of drawing a pension, foretells that you will be aided in your labors by friends. 
I failed in my application for a pension.|To fail in your application for a pension, denotes that you will lose in an undertaking and suffer the loss of friendships. 
I saw red pepper growing.|To see red pepper growing, foretells for you a thrifty and an independent partner in the marriage state. 
I saw piles of red pepper pods.|To see piles of red pepper pods, signifies that you will aggressively maintain your rights. 
I ground black pepper.|To grind black pepper, denotes that you will be victimized by the wiles of ingenious men or women.  To see it in stands on the table, omens sharp reproaches or quarrels. 
I put it on my food.|For a young woman to put it on her food, foretells that she will be deceived by her friends. 
I saw it growing.|To see it growing, denotes that you will participate in some pleasure in which there will be a dash of romance. 
I enjoyed drinks in which there was an effusion of peppermint.|To enjoy drinks in which there is an effusion of peppermint, denotes that you will enjoy assignations with some attractive and fascinating person. To a young woman, this dream warns her against seductive pleasures. 
I inhaled perfume.|To dream of inhaling perfume, is an augury of happy incidents. 
I spilt perfume.|To spill perfume, denotes that you will lose something which affords you pleasure. 
I broke a bottle of perfume.|To break a bottle of perfume, foretells that your most cherished wishes and desires will end disastrously, even while they promise a happy culmination. 
I was distilling perfume.|To dream that you are distilling perfume, denotes that your employments and associations will be of the pleasantest character. 
I perfumed my bath.|For a young woman to dream of perfuming her bath, foretells ecstatic happenings.  If she receives it as a gift from a man, she will experience fascinating, but dangerous pleasures. 
I was in a perspiration.|To dream that you are in a perspiration, foretells that you will come out of some difficulty, which has caused much gossip, with new honors. 
I was worried over a pest of any nature.|To dream of being worried over a pest of any nature, foretells that disturbing elements will prevail in your immediate future. 
I saw others thus worried.|To see others thus worried, denotes that you will be annoyed by some displeasing development. 
I saw new petticoats.|To dream of seeing new petticoats, denotes that pride in your belongings will make you an object of raillery among your acquaintances. 
I saw them soiled or torn.|To see them soiled or torn, portends that your reputation will be in great danger. 
I saw a phantom fleeing from me.|To see a phantom fleeing from you, foretells that trouble will assume smaller proportions. 
I ate one.|To eat one, signifies that the jealousy of your wife will cause you to forego friendly intercourse with your friends. 
I shot them.|To shoot them, denotes that you will fail to sacrifice one selfish pleasure for the comfort of friends. 
I saw phosphorus.|To dream of seeing phosphorus, is indicative of evanescent joys. 
I saw photographs.|If you see photographs in your dreams, it is a sign of approaching deception. 
I received the photograph of my lover.|If you receive the photograph of your lover, you are warned that he is not giving you his undivided loyalty, while he tries to so impress you. 
I was having my own photograph made.|To dream that you are having your own photograph made, foretells that you will unwarily cause yourself and others' trouble. 
I saw a piano.|To dream of seeing a piano, denotes some joyful occasion. 
I heard sweet and voluptuous harmony from a piano.|To hear sweet and voluptuous harmony from a piano, signals success and health.  If discordant music is being played, you will have many exasperating matters to consider. Sad and plaintive music, foretells sorrowful tidings. 
I found my piano broken and out of tune.|To find your piano broken and out of tune, portends dissatisfaction with your own accomplishments and disappointment in the failure of your friends or children to win honors. 
I saw an old-fashioned piano.|To see an old-fashioned piano, denotes that you have, in trying moments, neglected the advices and opportunities of the past, and are warned not to do so again. 
I was executing difficult.|For a young woman to dream that she is executing difficult, but entrancing music, she will succeed in winning an indifferent friend to be a most devoted and loyal lover. 
I was eating them.|For a young woman to dream that she is eating them, or is hungry for them, foretells she will find many rivals, and will be overcome unless she is careful of her private affairs.  Impure pickles, indicate disappointing engagements and love quarrels. 
I attended a picnic.|To dream of attending a picnic, foreshadows success and real enjoyment. 
I made a picture.|To make a picture, denotes that you will engage in some unremunerative enterprise. 
I destroyed pictures.|To destroy pictures, means that you will be pardoned for using strenuous means to establish your rights. 
I bought them.|To buy them, foretells worthless speculation. 
I saw my likeness in a living tree.|To dream of seeing your likeness in a living tree, appearing and disappearing, denotes that you will be prosperous and seemingly contented, but there will be disappointments in reaching out for companionship and reciprocal understanding of ideas and plans. 
I was surrounded with the best efforts of the old and modern masters.|To dream of being surrounded with the best efforts of the old and modern masters, denotes that you will have insatiable longings and desires for higher attainments, compared to which present success will seem poverty-stricken and miserable. 
I stood upon a pier.|To stand upon a pier in your dream, denotes that you will be brave in your battle for recognition in prosperity's realm, and that you will be admitted to the highest posts of honor. 
I reached a pier and fail.|If you strive to reach a pier and fail, you will lose the distinction you most coveted. 
I strove to reach a pier and fail.|If you strive to reach a pier and fail, you will lose the distinction you most coveted. 
I made pies.|For a young woman to dream of making pies, denotes that she will flirt with men for pastime.  She should accept this warning. 
I saw pigeons and hearing them cooing above their cotes.|To dream of seeing pigeons and hearing them cooing above their cotes, denotes domestic peace and pleasure-giving children.  For a young woman, this dream indicates an early and comfortable union. 
I saw them being used in a shooting match.|To see them being used in a shooting match, and, if you participate, it denotes that cruelty in your nature will show in your dealings, and you are warned of low and debasing pleasures. 
I saw them flying.|To see them flying, denotes freedom from misunderstanding, and perhaps news from the absent. 
I was a pilgrim.|To dream that you are a pilgrim, portends struggles with poverty and unsympathetic companions. 
I took pills.|To dream that you take pills, denotes that you will have responsibilities to look after, but they will bring you no little comfort and enjoyment. 
I gave them to others.|To give them to others, signifies that you will be criticised for your disagreeableness. 
I made a pillow.|For a young woman to dream that she makes a pillow, she will have encouraging prospects of a pleasant future. 
I saw others with pimples on them.|To see others with pimples on them, signifies that you will be troubled with illness and complaints from others. 
I felt pincers on my flesh.|To dream of feeling pincers on your flesh, denotes that you will be burdened with exasperating cares.  Any dream of pincers, signifies unfortunate incidents. 
I saw a pine tree.|To see a pine tree in a dream, foretells unvarying success in any undertaking.  Dead pine, for a woman, represents bereavement and cares. 
I swallowed a pin.|To dream of swallowing a pin, denotes that accidents will force you into perilous conditions. 
I lost one.|To lose one, implies a petty loss or disagreement. 
I saw a bent or rusty pin.|To see a bent or rusty pin, signifies that you will lose esteem because of your careless ways. 
I stuck one into my flesh.|To stick one into your flesh, denotes that some person will irritate you. 
I smoked a pipe.|To dream that you smoke a pipe, denotes that you will enjoy the visit of an old friend, and peaceful settlements of differences will also take place. 
I was a pirate.|To dream that you are a pirate, denotes that you will fall beneath the society of friends and former equals. 
I owned one.|If you own one, you will cultivate a low, designing character. 
I heard the report of one.|If you hear the report of one, you will be made aware of some scheme to ruin your interests. 
I was looking into a deep pit.|If you are looking into a deep pit in your dream, you will run silly risks in business ventures and will draw uneasiness about your wooing. 
I was descending into one.|To dream that you are descending into one, signifies that you will knowingly risk health and fortune for greater success. 
I was attacked by some person using a pitchfork.|To dream that you are attacked by some person using a pitchfork, implies that you will have personal enemies who would not scruple to harm you. 
I was afflicted with the plague.|If you are afflicted with the plague, you will keep your business out of embarrassment with the greatest maneuvering. If you are trying to escape it, some trouble, which looks impenetrable, is pursuing you. 
I crossed a plain.|For a young woman to dream of crossing a plain, denotes that she will be fortunately situated, if the grasses are green and luxuriant; if they are arid, or the grass is dead, she will have much discomfort and loneliness. 
I used a plane.|To dream that you use a plane, denotes that your liberality and successful efforts will be highly commended. 
I saw carpenters using their planes.|To see carpenters using their planes, denotes that you will progress smoothly in your undertakings. 
I saw planes.|To dream of seeing planes, denotes congeniality and even success. 
I was walking across muddy water on a rotten plank.|For a young woman to dream that she is walking across muddy water on a rotten plank, denotes that she will feel keenly the indifference shown her by one she loves, or other troubles may arise; or her defence of honor may be in danger of collapse. 
I saw walls plainly plastered.|To dream of seeing walls plainly plastered, denotes that success will come, but it will not be stable. 
I had plaster fell upon me.|To have plaster fall upon you, denotes unmitigated disasters and disclosure. 
I saw plasterers at work.|To see plasterers at work, denotes that you will have a sufficient competency to live above penury. 
I attended a play.|For a young woman to dream that she attends a play, foretells that she will be courted by a genial friend, and will marry to further her prospects and pleasure seeking. If there is trouble in getting to and from the play, or discordant and hideous scenes, she will be confronted with many displeasing surprises. 
I saw persons plowing.|To see persons plowing, denotes activity and advancement in knowledge and fortune. 
I saw me lover plowing.|For a young woman to see her lover plowing, indicates that she will have a noble and wealthy husband.  Her joys will be deep and lasting. 
I plowed myself.|To plow yourself, denotes rapid increase in property and joys. 
I saw them ripe.|To see them ripe, denotes joyous occasions, which, however, will be of short duration. 
I ate them.|To eat them, denotes that you will engage in flirtations and other evanescent pleasures. 
I gathered them.|To gather them, you will obtain your desires, but they will not prove so solid as you had imagined. 
I found myself gathering them up from the ground.|If you find yourself gathering them up from the ground, and find rotten ones among the good, you will be forced to admit that your expectations are unrealized, and that there is no life filled with pleasure alone. 
I found a pocketbook filled with bills and money.|To find a pocketbook filled with bills and money in your dreams, you will be quite lucky, gaining in nearly every instance your desire. If empty, you will be disappointed in some big hope. 
I lost my pocketbook.|If you lose your pocketbook, you will unfortunately disagree with your best friend, and thereby lose much comfort and real gain. 
I attacked any person with one of these weapons.|If you attack any person with one of these weapons, you will unfortunately suspect your friends of unfaithfulness. 
I was poisoned.|To fed that you are poisoned in a dream, denotes that some painful influence will immediately reach you. 
I fed that I was poisoned.|To fed that you are poisoned in a dream, denotes that some painful influence will immediately reach you. 
I sought to use poison on others.|If you seek to use poison on others, you will be guilty of base thoughts, or the world will go wrong for you. 
I used poison on others.|If you seek to use poison on others, you will be guilty of base thoughts, or the world will go wrong for you. 
I ridded myself of a rival in this way.|For a young woman to dream that she endeavors to rid herself of a rival in this way, she will be likely to have a deal of trouble in securing a lover. 
I threw the poison away.|To throw the poison away, denotes that by sheer force you will overcome unsatisfactory conditions. 
I handled poison.|To handle poison, or see others with it, signifies that unpleasantness will surround you. 
I recovered from the effects of poison.|To recover from the effects of poison, indicates that you will succeed after worry. 
I took strychnine or other poisonous medicine under the advice of a physician.|To take strychnine or other poisonous medicine under the advice of a physician, denotes that you will undertake some affair fraught with danger. 
I saw a red hot poker.|To dream of seeing a red hot poker, or fighting with one, signifies that you will meet trouble with combative energy. 
I played at poker.|To play at poker, warns you against evil company; and young women, especially, will lose their moral distinctiveness if they find themselves engaged in this game. 
I saw the skin of one.|To see the skin of one, denotes that you will successfully overcome any opposition. 
I inhaled the odor of a pole-cat on my clothes.|To inhale the odor of a pole-cat on your clothes, or otherwise smell one, you will find that your conduct will be considered rude, and your affairs will prove unsatisfactory. 
I killed one.|To kill one, denotes that you will overcome formidable obstacles. 
I was innocent.|If the police are trying to arrest you for some crime of which you are innocent, it foretells that you will successfully outstrip rivalry. 
I arrested me for some crime of which I was innocent.|If the police are trying to arrest you for some crime of which you are innocent, it foretells that you will successfully outstrip rivalry. 
I saw police on parole.|To see police on parole, indicates alarming fluctuations in affairs. 
I polished any article.|To dream of polishing any article, high attainments will place you in enviable positions. 
I engaged in political wrangling.|If you engage in political wrangling, it portends that misunderstandings and ill feeling will be shown you by friends. 
I took interest in politics.|For a young woman to dream of taking interest in politics, warns her against designing duplicity, 
I ate one.|To eat one, signifies that you will yield yourself a captive to the personal charms of another. 
I saw a pond.|To see a pond in your dream, denotes that events will bring no emotion, and fortune will retain a placid outlook. 
I saw ponies.|To see ponies in your dreams, signifies moderate speculations will be rewarded with success. 
I saw a poor-house.|To see a poor-house in your dream, denotes you have unfaithful friends, who will care for you only as they can use your money and belongings. 
I saw the Pope.|Any dream in which you see the Pope, without speaking to him, warns you of servitude.  You will bow to the will of some master, even to that of women. 
I spoke to the Pope.|To speak to the Pope, denotes that certain high honors are in store for you. To see the Pope looking sad or displeased, warns you against vice or sorrow of some kind. 
I saw poplars.|To dream of seeing poplars, is an omen of good, if they are in leaf or bloom. 
I stood by me lover beneath the blossoms and leaved of a tulip poplar.|For a young woman to stand by her lover beneath the blossoms and leaves of a tulip poplar, she will realize her most extravagant hopes. 
I inhaled the odor of one.|If you inhale the odor of one, you will be the victim of artful persuasions and flattery. 
I built a porch.|To dream that you build a porch, you will assume new duties. 
I saw a porcupine.|To see a porcupine in your dreams, denotes that you will disapprove any new enterprise and repel new friendships with coldness. 
I saw a dead one.|To see a dead one, signifies your abolishment of ill feelings and possessions. 
I ate pork.|If you eat pork in your dreams, you will encounter real trouble, but if you only see pork, you will come out of a conflict victoriously. 
I saw a porpoise.|To see a porpoise in your dreams, denotes enemies are thrusting your interest aside, through your own inability to keep people interested in you. 
I imagined myself a porter.|To imagine yourself a porter, denotes humble circumstances. 
I hired one.|To hire one, you will be able to enjoy whatever success comes to you. 
I discharged one.|To discharge one, signifies that disagreeable charges will be preferred against you. 
I gazed upon the portrait of some beautiful person.|To dream of gazing upon the portrait of some beautiful person, denotes that, while you enjoy pleasure, you can but feel the disquieting and treacherousness of such joys.  Your general affairs will suffer loss after dreaming of portraits. 
I tried to use cancelled stamps.|If you try to use cancelled stamps, you will fall into disrepute. 
I used cancelled stamps.|If you try to use cancelled stamps, you will fall into disrepute. 
I saw torn stamps.|To see torn stamps, denotes that there are obstacles in your way. 
I dug them.|To dream of digging them, denotes success. 
I ate them.|To dream of eating them, you will enjoy substantial gain. 
I cooked them.|To cook them, congenial employment. 
I saw them rotting.|To see them rotting, denotes vanished pleasure and a darkening future. 
I saw a potter 's field.|To see a potter's field in your dreams, denotes you will have poverty and misery to distress you.  For a young woman to walk through a potter's field with her lover, she will give up the one she loves in the hope of mercenary gain. 
I saw dressed poultry.|To see dressed poultry in a dream, foretells extravagant habits will reduce your security in money matters. For a young woman to dream that she is chasing live poultry, foretells she will devote valuable time to frivolous pleasure. 
I saw powder.|To see powder in your dreams, denotes unscrupulous people are dealing with you.  You may detect them through watchfulness. 
I was lost on one.|To be lost on one, is a sign of sadness and ill luck. 
I said prayers.|To dream of saying prayers, or seeing others doing so, foretells you will be threatened with failure, which will take strenuous efforts to avert. 
I was a preacher.|To dream that you are a preacher, foretells for you losses in business, and distasteful amusements will jar upon you. 
I heard preaching.|To hear preaching, implies that you will undergo misfortune. 
I argued with a preacher.|To argue with a preacher, you will lose in some contest. 
I saw one walk away from me.|To see one walk away from you, denotes that your affairs will move with new energy.  If he looks sorrowful, reproaches will fall heavily upon you. 
I saw a long-haired preacher.|To see a long-haired preacher, denotes that you are shortly to have disputes with overbearing and egotistical people. 
I fell over a precipice.|To fall over a precipice, denotes that you will be engulfed in disaster. 
I was pregnant.|For a woman to dream that she is pregnant, denotes she will be unhappy with her husband, and her children will be unattractive. 
I received presents.|To receive presents in your dreams, denotes that you will be unusually fortunate. 
I confessed to a priest.|To confess to a priest, denotes that you will be subjected to humiliation and sorrow. 
I had done.|These dreams imply that you have done, or will do, something which will bring discomfort to yourself or relatives. The priest or preacher is your spiritual adviser, and any dream of his professional presence is a warning against your own imperfections. Seen in social circles, unless they rise before you as spectres, the same rules will apply as to other friends. 
I saw a printer.|To see a printer in your dreams, is a warning of poverty, if you neglect to practice economy and cultivate energy. For a woman to dream that her lover or associate is a printer, foretells she will fail to please her parents in the selection of a close friend. 
I was in a printing office.|To be in a printing office in dreams, denotes that slander and contumely will threaten you 
I saw any one dismissed from prison.|To see any one dismissed from prison, denotes that you will finally overcome misfortune. 
I saw a prize fight.|To see a prize fight in your dreams, denotes your affairs will give you trouble in controlling them. 
I saw a prize fighter.|For a young woman to see a prize fighter, foretells she will have pleasure in fast society, and will give her friends much concern about her reputation. 
I saw or participate in a torch-light procession.|To see or participate in a torch-light procession, denotes that you will engage in gaieties which will detract from your real merit. 
I promenaded.|To dream of promenading, foretells that you will engage in energetic and profitable pursuits. 
I saw others promenading.|To see others promenading, signifies that you will have rivals in your pursuits. 
I owned vast property.|To dream that you own vast property, denotes that you will be successful in affairs, and gain friendships. 
I was in the company of a prostitute.|To dream that you are in the company of a prostitute, denotes that you will incur the righteous scorn of friends for some ill-mannered conduct. 
I rejected my manuscript.|For a publisher to reject your manuscript, denotes that you will suffer disappointment at the miscarriage of cherished designs. If he accepts it, you will rejoice in the full fruition of your hopes. If he loses it, you will suffer evil at the hands of strangers. 
I ate it.|To eat it, is proof that your affairs will be disappointing. 
I cooked.|For a young woman to cook, or otherwise prepare a pudding, denotes that her lover will be sensual and worldly minded, and if she marries him, she will see her love and fortune vanish. 
I found myself stepping into puddles of clear water.|To find yourself stepping into puddles of clear water in a dream, denotes a vexation, but some redeeming good in the future. If the water be muddy, unpleasantness will go a few rounds with you. 
I was in a pulpit.|To dream that you are in a pulpit, foretells sickness, and unsatisfactory results in business or trades of any character. 
I felt the pulse of another.|To dream of feeling the pulse of another, signifies that you are committing depredations in Pleasure's domain. 
I saw a pump.|To see a pump in a dream, denotes that energy and faithfulness to business will produce desired riches, good health also is usually betokened by this dream. 
I saw a broken pump.|To see a broken pump, signifies that the means of advancing in life will be absorbed by family cares.  To the married and the unmarried, it intimates blasted energies. 
I worked a pump.|If you work a pump, your life will be filled with pleasure and profitable undertakings. 
I drank the concoction called punch.|To dream of drinking the concoction called punch, denotes that you will prefer selfish pleasures to honorable distinction and morality. 
I was punching any person with a club or fist.|To dream that you are punching any person with a club or fist, denotes quarrels and recriminations. 
I put in a window-pane with putty.|If you put in a window-pane with putty, you will seek fortune with poor results. 
I scaled them.|If you scale them, you will journey along before you find the gratification of desires.  For the young woman, it prognosticates a husband who is in no sense congenial. 
I was studying the mystery of the ancient pyramids.|To dream that you are studying the mystery of the ancient pyramids, denotes that you will develop a love for the mysteries of nature, and you will become learned and polished. 
I saw a quack doctor.|To see a quack doctor in your dreams, denotes you will be alarmed over some illness and its improper treatment. 
I took quack medicine.|To dream you take quack medicine, shows that you are growing morbid under some trouble, and should overcome it by industrious application to duty. To read the advertisement of it, foretells unhappy companions will wrong and distress you. 
I danced a quadrille.|To dream of dancing a quadrille, foretells that some pleasant engagement will occupy your time. 
I was in a quagmire.|To dream of being in a quagmire, implies your inability to meet obligations. To see others thus situated, denotes that the failures of others will be felt by you.  Illness is sometimes indicated by this dream. 
I saw quails.|To see quails in your dream, is a very favorable omen, if they are alive; if dead, you will undergo serious ill luck. 
I shot quail.|To shoot quail, foretells that ill feelings will be shown by you to your best friends. 
I ate them.|To eat them, signifies extravagance in your personal living. 
I attended a Quaker meeting.|For a young woman to attend a Quaker meeting, portends that she will by her modest manners win a faithful husband who will provide well for her household. 
I was in quarantine.|To dream of being in quarantine, denotes that you will be placed in a disagreeable position by the malicious intriguing of enemies. 
I was in a quarry and seeing the workmen busy.|To dream of being in a quarry and seeing the workmen busy, denotes that you will advance by hard labor. 
I saw or hear a quartette.|To see or hear a quartette, foretells that you will aspire to something beyond you. 
I saw vessels while standing on the quay.|To see vessels while standing on the quay, denotes the fruition of wishes and designs. 
I questioned the merits of a thing.|To question the merits of a thing in your dreams, denotes that you will suspect some one whom you love of unfaithfulness, and you will fear for your speculations. 
I asked a question.|To ask a question, foretells that you will earnestly strive for truth and be successful. 
I was questioned.|If you are questioned, you will be unfairly dealt with. 
I found myself in quicksand.|To find yourself in quicksand while dreaming, you will meet with loss and deceit. 
I overcame it.|If you are unable to overcome it, you will be involved in overwhelming misfortunes. 
I was unable to overcome it.|If you are unable to overcome it, you will be involved in overwhelming misfortunes. 
I was rescued by me lover from quicksand.|For a young woman to be rescued by her lover from quicksand, she will possess a worthy and faithful husband, who will still remain her lover. 
I was putting a quill on my hat.|For a young woman to be putting a quill on her hat, denotes that she will attempt many conquests, and her success will depend upon her charms. 
I was afflicted with this disease.|To dream of being afflicted with this disease, denotes discouraging employments. 
I saw others with it.|To see others with it, sickness will cause you much anxiety. 
I saw white rabbits.|To see white rabbits, denotes faithfulness in love, to the married or single. 
I saw rabbits frolicing about.|To see rabbits frolicing about, denotes that children will contribute to your joys. 
I was in a race.|To dream that you are in a race, foretells that others will aspire to the things you are working to possess, but if you win in the race, you will overcome your competitors. 
I saw a bed of radishes growing.|To dream of seeing a bed of radishes growing, is an omen of good luck. Your friends will be unusually kind, and your business will prosper. 
I ate them.|If you eat them, you will suffer slightly through the thoughtlessness of some one near to you. 
I saw radishes.|To see radishes, or plant them, denotes that your anticipations will be happily realized. 
I was at a church raffle.|If you are at a church raffle, you will soon find that disappointment is clouding your future.  For a young woman, this dream means empty expectations. 
I floated on a raft.|To dream of floating on a raft, denotes uncertain journeys. If you reach your destination, you will surely come into good fortune. 
I was in a rage and scolding and tearing up things generally.|To be in a rage and scolding and tearing up things generally, while dreaming, signifies quarrels, and injury to your friends. 
I saw others in a rage.|To see others in a rage, is a sign of unfavorable conditions for business, and unhappiness in social life. 
I saw me lover in a rage.|For a young woman to see her lover in a rage, denotes that there will be some discordant note in their love, and misunderstandings will naturally occur. 
I saw railings.|To dream of seeing railings, denotes that some person is trying to obstruct your pathway in love or business. 
I held on to a railing.|To dream of holding on to a railing, foretells that some desperate chance will be taken by you to obtain some object upon which you have set your heart. It may be of love, or of a more material form. 
I saw an obstruction on these roads.|To see an obstruction on these roads, indicates foul play in your affairs. 
I walked the cross ties of a railroad.|To walk the cross ties of a railroad, signifies a time of worry and laborious work. 
I walked the rails.|To walk the rails, you may expect to obtain much happiness from your skilful manipulation of affairs. 
I saw a road inundated with clear water.|To see a road inundated with clear water, foretells that pleasure will wipe out misfortune for a time, but it will rise, phoenix like, again. 
I was out in a clear shower of rain.|To be out in a clear shower of rain, denotes that pleasure will be enjoyed with the zest of youth, and prosperity will come to you. 
I saw and hear rain approaching.|To see and hear rain approaching, and you escape being wet, you will succeed in your plans, and your designs will mature rapidly. 
I was sitting in the house and see through the window a downpour of rain.|To be sitting in the house and see through the window a downpour of rain, denotes that you will possess fortune, and passionate love will be requited. 
I heard the patter of rain on the roof.|To hear the patter of rain on the roof, denotes a realization of domestic bliss and joy.  Fortune will come in a small way. 
I found myself regretting some duty unperformed while listening to the rain.|To find yourself regretting some duty unperformed while listening to the rain, denotes that you will seek pleasure at the expense of another's sense of propriety and justice. 
I saw it rain on others.|To see it rain on others, foretells that you will exclude friends from your confidence. 
I got my clothes wet and soiled while out in a rain.|For a young woman to dream of getting her clothes wet and soiled while out in a rain, denotes that she will entertain some person indiscreetly, and will suffer the suspicions of friends for the unwise yielding to foolish enjoyments. 
I saw it raining on farm stock.|To see it raining on farm stock, foretells disappointment in business, and unpleasantness in social circles. 
I saw a rainbow.|To see a rainbow in a dream, is prognostic of unusual happenings. Affairs will assume a more promising countenance, and crops will give promise of a plentiful yield. 
I saw the rainbow.|For lovers to see the rainbow, is an omen of much happiness from their union. 
I saw the rainbow hanging low over green trees.|To see the rainbow hanging low over green trees, signifies unconditional success in any undertaking. 
I used a rake.|To dream of using a rake, portends that some work which you have left to others will never be accomplished unless you superintend it yourself. 
I saw a broken rake.|To see a broken rake, denotes that sickness, or some accident will bring failure to your plans. 
I saw others raking.|To see others raking, foretells that you will rejoice in the fortunate condition of others. 
I saw one quietly grazing denoted that I will have powerful friends.|To see one quietly grazing denotes that you will have powerful friends, who will use their best efforts for your good. 
I willed have powerful friends.|To see one quietly grazing denotes that you will have powerful friends, who will use their best efforts for your good. 
I was rambling through the country.|To dream that you are rambling through the country, denotes that you will be oppressed with sadness, and the separation from friends, but your worldly surroundings will be all that one could desire. For a young woman, this dream promises a comfortable home, but early bereavement. 
I had been the victim of rape.|For a young woman to dream that she has been the victim of rape, foretells that she will have troubles, which will wound her pride, and her lover will be estranged. 
I was being carried over rapids.|To imagine that you are being carried over rapids in a dream, denotes that you will suffer appalling loss from the neglect of duty and the courting of seductive pleasures. 
I imagined that I was being carried over rapids.|To imagine that you are being carried over rapids in a dream, denotes that you will suffer appalling loss from the neglect of duty and the courting of seductive pleasures. 
I saw raspberries.|To see raspberries in a dream, foretells you are in danger of entanglements which will prove interesting before you escape from them. 
I ate them.|For a woman to eat them, means distress over circumstantial evidence in some occurrence causing gossip. 
I caught rats.|To catch rats, means you will scorn the baseness of others, and worthily outstrip your enemies. 
I killed one.|To kill one, denotes your victory in any contest. 
I fell into a rat-trap.|To dream of falling into a rat-trap, denotes that you will be victimized and robbed of some valuable object. 
I saw an empty one.|To see an empty one, foretells the absence of slander or competition. 
I set one.|To set one, you will be made aware of the designs of enemies, but the warning will enable you to outwit them. 
I saw a baby play with its rattle.|To dream of seeing a baby play with its rattle, omens peaceful contentment in the home, and enterprises will be honorable and full of gain. To a young woman, it augurs an early marriage and tender cares of her own. 
I gave a baby a rattle.|To give a baby a rattle, denotes unfortunate investments. 
I cut myself with one.|To cut yourself with one, denotes that you will be unlucky in some deal which you are about to make. 
I was engaged in reading.|To be engaged in reading in your dreams, denotes that you will excel in some work, which appears difficult. 
I saw others reading.|To see others reading, denotes that your friends will be kind, and are well disposed. 
I gave a reading.|To give a reading, or to discuss reading, you will cultivate your literary ability. 
I saw reapers busy at work at their task.|To dream of seeing reapers busy at work at their task, denotes prosperity and contentment.  If they appear to be going through dried stubble, there will be a lack of good crops, and business will consequently fall off. 
I saw idle ones.|To see idle ones, denotes that some discouraging event will come in the midst of prosperity. 
I saw a broken reaping machine.|To see a broken reaping machine, signifies loss of employment, or disappointment in trades. 
I attended a reception.|To dream of attending a reception, denotes that you will have pleasant engagements.  Confusion at a reception will work you disquietude. 
I saw a refrigerator.|To see a refrigerator in your dreams, portends that your selfishness will offend and injure some one who endeavors to gain an honest livelihood. 
I put ice in one.|To put ice in one, brings the dreamer into disfavor. 
I registered under an assumed name.|If you register under an assumed name, you will engage in some guilty enterprise which will give you much uneasiness of mind. 
I drove them.|To drive them, foretells that you will have hours of bitter anguish, but friends will attend you. 
I was self-reproached in the midst of a religious excitement.|If you are self-reproached in the midst of a religious excitement, you will find that you will be almost induced to give up your own personality to please some one whom you hold in reverent esteem. 
I saw religion declining in power.|To see religion declining in power, denotes that your life will be more in harmony with creation than formerly. Your prejudices will not be so aggressive. 
I rented a house.|To dream that you rent a house, is a sign that you will enter into new contracts, which will prove profitable. 
I rented out property.|To fail to rent out property, denotes that there will be much inactivity in business. 
I failed to rent out property.|To fail to rent out property, denotes that there will be much inactivity in business. 
I payed rent.|To pay rent, signifies that your financial interest will be satisfactory. 
I couldn't pay my rent.|If you can't pay your rent, it is unlucky for you, as you will see a falling off in trade, and social pleasures will be of little benefit. 
I was under sentence and receive a reprieve.|To be under sentence in a dream and receive a reprieve, foretells that you will overcome some difficulty which is causing you anxiety. 
I saw a dead reptile come to life.|To see a dead reptile come to life, denotes that disputes and disagreements, which were thought to be settled, will be renewed and pushed with bitter animosity. 
I handled them without harm to myself.|To handle them without harm to yourself, foretells that you will be oppressed by the ill humor and bitterness of friends, but you will succeed in restoring pleasant relations. 
I saw various kinds of reptiles.|For a young woman to see various kinds of reptiles, she will have many conflicting troubles.  Her lover will develop fancies for others. If she is bitten by any of them, she will be superseded by a rival. 
I was rescued from any danger.|To dream of being rescued from any danger, denotes that you will be threatened with misfortune, and will escape with a slight loss. 
I resigned any position.|To dream that you resign any position, signifies that you will unfortunately embark in new enterprises. 
I heard of others resigning.|To hear of others resigning, denotes that you will have unpleaasant{sic} tidings. 
I was resurrected from the dead.|To dream that you are resurrected from the dead, you will have some great vexation, but will eventually gain your desires. To see others resurrected, denotes unfortunate troubles will be lightened by the thoughtfulness of friends 
I was being resuscitated.|To dream that you are being resuscitated, denotes that you will have heavy losses, but will eventually regain more than you lose, and happiness will attend you. 
I resuscitated another.|To resuscitate another, you will form new friendships, which will give you prominence and pleasure. 
I took revenge.|To dream of taking revenge, is a sign of a weak and uncharitable nature, which if not properly governed, will bring you troubles and loss of friends. 
I attended a religious revival.|To dream you attend a religious revival, foretells family disturbances and unprofitable engagements. 
I took a part in it.|If you take a part in it, you will incur the displeasure of friends by your contrary ways. 
I saw my sweetheart with a revolver.|For a young woman to dream that she sees her sweetheart with a revolver, denotes that she will have a serious disagreement with some friend, and probably separation from her lover. 
I felt rheumatism attacking me.|To feel rheumatism attacking you in a dream, foretells unexpected delay in the accomplishment of plans. 
I saw a rhinoceros.|To dream that you see a rhinoceros, foretells you will have a great loss threatening you, and that you will have secret troubles. To kill one, shows that you will bravely overcome obstacles. 
I cooked it.|To cook it, foretells spirited arguments in which you will lose a friend. 
I ate it.|To eat it, denotes dissatisfaction with present employment. 
I saw ribs.|To dream of seeing ribs, denotes poverty and misery. 
I saw.|Rice is good to see in dreams, as it foretells success and warm friendships. Prosperity to all trades is promised, and the farmer will be blessed with a bounteous harvest. 
I ate it.|To eat it, signifies happiness and domestic comfort. 
I saw it mixed with dirt or otherwise impure.|To see it mixed with dirt or otherwise impure, denotes sickness and separation from friends. 
I cooked it.|For a young woman to dream of cooking it, shows she will soon assume new duties, which will make her happier, and she will enjoy wealth. 
I was possessed of riches.|To dream that you are possessed of riches, denotes that you will rise to high places by your constant exertion and attention to your affairs. 
I solved riddles.|To dream that you are trying to solve riddles, denotes you will engage in some enterprise which will try your patience and employ your money. 
I was trying to solve riddles.|To dream that you are trying to solve riddles, denotes you will engage in some enterprise which will try your patience and employ your money. 
I rode slowly.|If you ride slowly, you will have unsatisfactory results in your undertakings. 
I attended a riding school.|To attend a riding school, foretells some friend will act falsely by you, but you will throw off the vexing influence occasioned by it. 
I wore rings.|To dream of wearing rings, denotes new enterprises in which you will be successful. 
I received a ring.|For a young woman to receive a ring, denotes that worries over her lover's conduct will cease, as he will devote himself to her pleasures and future interest. 
I saw others with rings.|To see others with rings, denotes increasing prosperity and many new friends. 
I had ringworms appeared on me.|To dream of having ringworms appear on you, you will have a slight illness, and some exasperating difficulty in the near future. 
I saw them on others.|To see them on others, beggars and appeals for charity will beset you. 
I saw a friend killed in a riot.|To see a friend killed in a riot, you will have bad luck in all undertakings, and the death, or some serious illness, of some person will cause you distress. 
I rose to high positions.|To dream of rising to high positions, denotes that study and advancement will bring you desired wealth. 
I found myself rising high into the air.|If you find yourself rising high into the air, you will come into unexpected riches and pleasures, but you are warned to be careful of your engagements, or you may incur displeasing prominence. 
I had a rival.|To dream you have a rival, is a sign that you will be slow in asserting your rights, and will lose favor with people of prominence. 
I found that a rival had outwitted me.|If you find that a rival has outwitted you, it signifies that you will be negligent in your business, and that you love personal ease to your detriment. 
I was the successful rival.|If you imagine that you are the successful rival, it is good for your advancement, and you will find congeniality in your choice of a companion. 
I imagined that I was the successful rival.|If you imagine that you are the successful rival, it is good for your advancement, and you will find congeniality in your choice of a companion. 
I saw a clear.|If you see a clear, smooth, flowing river in your dream, you will soon succeed to the enjoyment of delightful pleasures, and prosperity will bear flattering promises. 
I was water-bound by the overflowing of a river.|If you are water-bound by the overflowing of a river, there will be temporary embarrassments in your business, or you will suffer uneasiness lest some private escapade will reach public notice and cause your reputation harsh criticisms. 
I saw corpses in the bottom.|If while sailing upon a clear river you see corpses in the bottom, you will find that trouble and gloom will follow swiftly upon present pleasures and fortune. 
I saw empty rivers.|To see empty rivers, denotes sickness and unusual ill-luck. 
I lost the road.|To lose the road, foretells that you will make a mistake in deciding some question of trade, and suffer loss in consequence. 
I saw or eat roast.|To see or eat roast in a dream, is an omen of domestic infelicity and secret treachery. 
I saw a rocket ascending.|To see a rocket ascending in your dream, foretells sudden and unexpected elevation, successful wooing, and faithful keeping of the marriage vows. 
I saw them falling.|To see them falling, unhappy unions may be expected. 
I saw a mother.|To see a mother, wife, or sweetheart in a rocking chair, is ominous of the sweetest joys that earth affords. 
I saw vacant rocking-chairs.|To see vacant rocking-chairs, forebodes bereavement or estrangement. The dreamer will surely merit misfortune in some form. 
I climbed a steep rock.|To climb a steep rock, foretells immediate struggles and disappointing surroundings. 
I saw or think myself a rogue.|To see or think yourself a rogue, foretells you are about to commit some indiscretion which will give your friends uneasiness of mind. You are likely to suffer from a passing malady. 
I thought my husband or lover was a rogue.|For a woman to think her husband or lover is a rogue, foretells she will be painfully distressed over neglect shown her by a friend. 
I was in a rogue 's gallery.|To dream that you are in a rogue's gallery, foretells you will be associated with people who will fail to appreciate you. To see your own picture, you will be overawed by a tormenting enemy. 
I saw Roman candles.|To see Roman candles while dreaming, is a sign of speedy attainment of coveted pleasures and positions. 
I had a loaded candle and find it empty.|To imagine that you have a loaded candle and find it empty, denotes that you will be disappointed with the possession of some object which you have long striven to obtain. 
I imagined that I had a loaded candle and find it empty.|To imagine that you have a loaded candle and find it empty, denotes that you will be disappointed with the possession of some object which you have long striven to obtain. 
I found myself on a roof.|To find yourself on a roof in a dream, denotes unbounded success. To become frightened and think you are falling, signifies that, while you may advance, you will have no firm hold on your position. 
I saw a roof falling in.|To see a roof falling in, you will be threatened with a sudden calamity. 
I repaired.|To repair, or build a roof, you will rapidly increase your fortune. 
I slept on one.|To sleep on one, proclaims your security against enemies and false companions.  Your health will be robust. 
I saw a person dressed in mourning sitting on a roof corner.|To see a person dressed in mourning sitting on a roof corner, foretells there will be unexpected and dismal failures in your business. 
I saw roosters fighting.|To see roosters fighting, foretells altercations and rivals. 
I saw roots of plants or trees.|To dream of seeing roots of plants or trees, denotes misfortune, as both business and health will go into decline. 
I used them as medicine.|To use them as medicine, warns you of approaching illness or sorrow. 
I climbed one.|If you climb one, you will overcome enemies who are working to injure you. 
I decended a rope.|To decend{sic} a rope, brings disappointment to your most sanguine moments. 
I was tied with them.|If you are tied with them, you are likely to yield to love contrary to your judgment. 
I broke them.|To break them, signifies your ability to overcome enmity and competition. 
I walked a rope.|To walk a rope, signifies that you will engage in some hazardous speculation, but will surprisingly succeed. To see others walking a rope, you will benefit by the fortunate ventures of others. 
I jumped a rope.|To jump a rope, foretells that you will startle your associates with a thrilling escapade bordering upon the sensational. 
I jumped rope with children.|To jump rope with children, shows that you are selfish and overbearing; failing to see that children owe very little duty to inhuman parents. To catch a rope with the foot, denotes that under cheerful conditions you will be benevolent and tender in your administrations. 
I let a rope down from an upper window to people below.|To dream that you let a rope down from an upper window to people below, thinking the proprietors would be adverse to receiving them into the hotel, denotes that you will engage in some affair which will not look exactly proper to your friends, but the same will afford you pleasure and interest. For a young woman, this dream is indicative of pleasures which do not bear the stamp of propriety. 
I saw a rosebush in foliage but no blossoms.|To see a rosebush in foliage but no blossoms, denotes prosperous circumstances are enclosing you.  To see a dead rosebush, foretells misfortune and sickness for you or relatives. 
I saw roses blooming and fragrant.|To dream of seeing roses blooming and fragrant, denotes that some joyful occasion is nearing, and you will possess the faithful love of your sweetheart. 
I inhaled their fragrance.|To inhale their fragrance, brings unalloyed pleasure. 
I wore or saw rosettes on others while.|To wear or see rosettes on others while in dreams, is significant of frivolous waste of time; though you will experience the thrills of pleasure, they will bring disappointments. 
I used rouge.|To dream of using rouge, denotes that you will practice deceit to obtain your wishes. 
I saw others with it on their faced.|To see others with it on their faces, warns you that you are being artfully used to further the designs of some deceitful persons. 
I saw it on my hands.|If you see it on your hands, or clothing, you will be detected in some scheme. 
I saw a roundabout.|To dream of seeing a roundabout, denotes that you will struggle unsuccessfully to advance in fortune or love. 
I was in a rowboat with others.|To dream that you are in a rowboat with others, denotes that you will derive much pleasure from the companionship of gay and worldly persons. If the boat is capsized, you will suffer financial losses by engaging in seductive enterprises. 
I found myself defeated in a rowing race.|If you find yourself defeated in a rowing race, you will lose favors to your rivals with your sweetheart. If you are the victor, you will easily obtain supremacy with women. Your affairs will move agreeably. 
I was clothed in rubber garments.|To dream of being clothed in rubber garments, is a sign that you will have honors conferred upon you because of your steady and unchanging stand of purity and morality.  If the garments are ragged or torn, you should be cautious in your conduct, as scandal is ready to attack your reputation. 
I used ` ` rubber ' ' as a slang term.|To dream of using ``rubber'' as a slang term, foretells that you will be easy to please in your choice of pleasure and companions. 
I found that my limbs will stretch like rubber.|If you find that your limbs will stretch like rubber, it is a sign that illness is threatening you, and you are likely to use deceit in your wooing and business. 
I drank rum.|To dream of drinking rum, foretells that you will have wealth, but will lack moral refinement, as you will lean to gross pleasures. 
I ran in company with others.|To dream of running in company with others, is a sign that you will participate in some festivity, and you will find that your affairs are growing towards fortune.  If you stumble or fall, you will lose property and reputation. 
I ran from danger.|If you run from danger, you will be threatened with losses, and you will despair of adjusting matters agreeably. To see others thus running, you will be oppressed by the threatened downfall of friends. 
I saw stock running.|To see stock running, warns you to be careful in making new trades or undertaking new tasks. 
I was ruptured.|To dream that you are ruptured, denotes you will have physical disorders or disagreeable contentions.  If it be others you see in this condition, you will be in danger of irreconcilable quarrels. 
I saw rye.|To see rye, is a dream of good, as prosperity envelopes your future in brightest promises. 
I saw coffee made of rye.|To see coffee made of rye, denotes that your pleasures will be tempered with sound judgment, and your affairs will be managed without disagreeable friction. 
I saw stock entering rye fields.|To see stock entering rye fields, denotes that you will be prosperous. 
I saw or eat rye bread.|To see or eat rye bread in your dreams, foretells you will have a cheerful and well-appointed home. 
I passed at the end of the two full years.|``_And it came to pass at the end of the two full years, that Pharaoh dreamed; and behold, he stood by the river_.''-- Gen. Xli., 1. 
I saw a safe.|To dream of seeing a safe, denotes security from discouraging affairs of business and love. 
I unlocked a safe.|To be trying to unlock a safe, you will be worried over the failure of your plans not reaching quick maturity. 
I was trying to unlock a safe.|To be trying to unlock a safe, you will be worried over the failure of your plans not reaching quick maturity. 
I found a safe empty.|To find a safe empty, denotes trouble. 
I was entertaining false hopes.|Saffron seen in a dream warns you that you are entertaining false hopes, as bitter enemies are interfering secretly with your plans for the future. 
I drank a tea made from saffron.|To drink a tea made from saffron, foretells that you will have quarrels and alienations in your family. 
I sailed on a small vessel.|To sail on a small vessel, denotes that your desires will not excel your power of possessing them. 
I made it.|For a young woman to dream of making it, is a sign that her lover will be changeable and quarrelsome. 
I ate it.|For a young woman to eat it, foretells that she will marry a cheerful man, with means to keep her comfortable. 
I ate salt.|For a young woman to eat salt, she will be deserted by her lover for a more beautiful and attractive girl, thus causing her deep chagrin. 
I received merchandise samples.|To dream of receiving merchandise samples, denotes improvement in your business.  For a traveling man to lose his samples, implies he will find himself embarrassed in business affairs, or in trouble through love engagements.  For a woman to dream that she is examining samples sent her, denotes she will have chances to vary her amusements. 
I ate sardines.|To eat sardines in a dream, foretells that distressing events will come unexpectedly upon you. 
I putted them on the table.|For a young woman to dream of putting them on the table, denotes that she will be worried with the attentions of a person who is distasteful to her. 
I wore a sash.|To dream of wearing a sash, foretells that you will seek to retain the affections of a flirtatious person. 
I bought one.|For a young woman to buy one, she will be faithful to her lover, and win esteem by her frank, womanly ways. 
I killed me.|To dream that you kill him, foretells that you will desert wicked or immoral companions to live upon a higher plane. 
I shielded myself from satan.|To feel that you are trying to shield yourself from satan, denotes that you will endeavor to throw off the bondage of selfish pleasure, and seek to give others their best deserts. 
I was trying to shield myself from satan.|To feel that you are trying to shield yourself from satan, denotes that you will endeavor to throw off the bondage of selfish pleasure, and seek to give others their best deserts. 
I felt that I was trying to shield myself from satan.|To feel that you are trying to shield yourself from satan, denotes that you will endeavor to throw off the bondage of selfish pleasure, and seek to give others their best deserts. 
I made sausage.|To dream of making sausage, denotes that you will be successful in many undertakings. 
I ate them.|To eat them, you will have a humble, but pleasant home. 
I used a hand-saw.|To dream that you use a hand-saw, indicates an energetic and busy time, and cheerful home life. 
I saw big saws in machinery.|To see big saws in machinery, foretells that you will superintend a big enterprise, and the same will yield fair returns. For a woman, this dream denotes that she will be esteemed, and her counsels will be heeded. 
I lost a saw.|To lose a saw, you will engage in affairs which will culminate in disaster. 
I heard the buzz of a saw.|To hear the buzz of a saw, indicates thrift and prosperity. 
I found a rusty saw.|To find a rusty saw, denotes that you will probably restore your fortune. 
I carried a saw on my back.|To carry a saw on your back, foretells that you will carry large, but profitable, responsibilities. 
I ascended one.|To ascend one, you will be misunderstood and censured by your friends for some action, which you never committed. 
I decended one.|To decend one, you will be guilty of wrong doing, and you will suffer the penalty. 
I fell from one.|To fall from one, you will be unexpectedly surprised while engaged in deceiving and working injury to others. 
I saw any one with a scaldhead.|To see any one with a scaldhead in your dreams, there will be uneasiness felt over the sickness or absence of some one near to you. 
I was scalded.|To dream of being scalded, portends that distressing incidents will blot out pleasurable anticipations. 
I weighed on scales.|To dream of weighing on scales, portends that justice will temper your conduct, and you will see your prosperity widening. 
I weighed my lover.|For a young woman to weigh her lover, the indications are that she will find him of solid worth, and faithfulness will balance her love. 
I was an object of scandal.|To dream that you are an object of scandal, denotes that you are not particular to select good and true companions, but rather enjoy having fast men and women contribute to your pleasure. Trade and business of any character will suffer dulness after this dream. 
I discussed a scandal.|For a young woman to dream that she discussed a scandal, foretells that she will confer favors, which should be sacred, to some one who will deceive her into believing that he is honorably inclined. Marriage rarely follows swiftly after dreaming of scandal. 
I wielded a sceptre.|To imagine in your dreams that you wield a sceptre, foretells that you will be chosen by friends to positions of trust, and you will not disappoint their estimate of your ability. 
I imagined that I wield a sceptre.|To imagine in your dreams that you wield a sceptre, foretells that you will be chosen by friends to positions of trust, and you will not disappoint their estimate of your ability. 
I attended school.|To dream of attending school, indicates distinction in literary work. If you think you are young and at school as in your youth, you will find that sorrow and reverses will make you sincerely long for the simple trusts and pleasures of days of yore. 
I taught a school.|To dream of teaching a school, foretells that you will strive for literary attainments, but the bare necessities of life must first be forthcoming. 
I visited the schoolhouse of my childhood days.|To visit the schoolhouse of your childhood days, portends that discontent and discouraging incidents overshadows the present. 
I had my scissors sharpened.|To dream that you have your scissors sharpened, denotes that you will work to do that which will be repulsive to your feelings. 
I broke them.|To break them, there will be quarrels, and probable separations for you. 
I lost them.|To lose them, you will seek to escape from unpleasant tasks. 
I scratched others.|To scratch others in your dream, denotes that you will be ill-tempered and fault-finding in your dealings with others. 
I was scratched.|If you are scratched, you will be injured by the enmity of some deceitful person. 
I scratched my head.|To dream that you scratch your head, denotes strangers will annoy you by their flattering attentions, which you will feel are only shown to win favors from you. 
I heard the shrill startling notes of the screech-owl.|To dream that you hear the shrill startling notes of the screech-owl, denotes that you will be shocked with news of the desperate illness, or death of some dear friend. 
I saw screws.|To dream of seeing screws, denotes that tedious tasks must be performed, and peevishness in companions must be combated. It also denotes that you must be economical and painstaking. 
I heard the lonely sighing of the sea.|To dream of hearing the lonely sighing of the sea, foretells that you will be fated to spend a weary and unfruitful life devoid of love and comradeship. 
I glided swiftly over the sea with my lover.|For a young woman to dream that she glides swiftly over the sea with her lover, there will come to her sweet fruition of maidenly hopes, and joy will stand guard at the door of the consummation of changeless vows. 
I saw seals.|To dream that you see seals, denotes that you are striving for a place above your power to maintain. 
I saw a seamstress.|To see a seamstress in a dream, portends you will be deterred from making pleasant visits by unexpected luck. 
I visited a seaport.|To dream of visiting a seaport, denotes that you will have opportunities of traveling and acquiring knowledge, but there will be some who will object to your anticipated tours. 
I thought.|To think, in a dream, that some one has taken your seat, denotes you will be tormented by people calling on you for aid. To give a woman your seat, implies your yielding to some fair one's artfulness. 
I saw or hear that the leader was dead.|To see or hear that the leader is dead, foretells severe strains, and trials will eventually end in comparative good. 
I was seduced.|For a young woman to dream of being seduced, foretells that she will be easily influenced by showy persons. 
I had seduced a girl.|For a man to dream that he has seduced a girl, is a warning for him to be on his guard, as there are those who will falsely accuse him. If his sweetheart appears shocked or angry under these proposals, he will find that the woman he loves is above reproach. If she consents, he is being used for her pecuniary pleasures. 
I heard a serenade.|To hear a serenade in your dream, you will have pleasant news from absent friends, and your anticipations will not fail you. 
I was one of the serenaders.|If you are one of the serenaders, there are many delightful things in your future. 
I discharged one.|To discharge one, foretells regrets and losses. 
I was robbed by one.|To be robbed by one, shows that you have some one near you, who does not respect the laws of ownership. 
I saw members of the sect called Shakers.|To dream of seeing members of the sect called Shakers in a dream, denotes that you will change in your business, and feel coldness growing towards your sweetheart. 
I imagined me belong to them.|If you imagine you belong to them, you will unexpectedly renounce all former ties, and seek new pleasures in distant localities. 
I shook hands with some prominent ruler.|For a young woman to dream that she shakes hands with some prominent ruler, foretells she will be surrounded with pleasures and distinction from strangers.  If she avails herself of the opportunity, she will stand in high favor with friends.  If she finds she must reach up to shake hands, she will find rivalry and opposition. If she has on gloves, she will overcome these obstacles. 
I shook hands with those beneath me.|To shake hands with those beneath you, denotes you will be loved and honored for your kindness and benevolence. If you think you or they have soiled hands, you will find enemies among seeming friends. 
I shook hands with a decrepit old man.|For a young woman to dream of shaking hands with a decrepit old man, foretells she will find trouble where amusement was sought. 
I read Shakspeare 's worked.|To read Shakspeare's works, denotes that you will unalterably attach yourself to literary accomplishments. 
I saw shampooing going on.|To dream of seeing shampooing going on, denotes that you will engage in undignified affairs to please others 
I had my own head shampooed.|To have your own head shampooed, you will soon make a secret trip, in which you will have much enjoyment, if you succeed in keeping the real purport from your family or friends. 
I saw a shark pursuing and attacking me.|To see a shark pursuing and attacking you, denotes that unavoidable reverses will sink you into dispondent foreboding. 
I saw them sporting in clear water.|To see them sporting in clear water, foretells that while you are basking in the sunshine of women and prosperity, jealousy is secretly, but surely, working you disquiet, and unhappy fortune. 
I saw a dead one.|To see a dead one, denotes reconciliation and renewed prosperity. 
I merelied contemplate getting a shave.|To merely contemplate getting a shave, in your dream, denotes you will plan for the successful development of enterprises, but will fail to generate energy sufficient to succeed. 
I was being shaved.|To dream that you are being shaved, portends that you will let imposters defraud you. 
I shaved myself.|To shave yourself, foretells that you will govern your own business and dictate to your household, notwithstanding that the presence of a shrew may cause you quarrels. 
I saw men shaving.|For a woman to see men shaving, foretells that her nature will become sullied by indulgence in gross pleasures. 
I lost my shawl.|To lose your shawl, foretells sorrow and discomfort. A young woman is in danger of being jilted by a good-looking man, after this dream. 
I saw shears.|To see shears in your dream, denotes that you will become miserly and disagreeable in your dealings. 
I saw them broken.|To see them broken, you will lose friends and standing by your eccentric demeanor. 
I saw flocks of sheep.|To see flocks of sheep, there will be much rejoicing among farmers, and other trades will prosper. 
I saw them looking scraggy and sick.|To see them looking scraggy and sick, you will be thrown into despair by the miscarriage of some plan, which promised rich returns. 
I ate the flesh of sheep.|To eat the flesh of sheep, denotes that ill-natured persons will outrage your feelings. 
I saw sheet iron.|To see sheet iron in your dream, denotes you are unfortunately listening to the admonition of others.  To walk on it, signifies distasteful engagements. 
I walked among and gather shells.|To walk among and gather shells in your dream, denotes extravagance. Pleasure will leave you naught but exasperating regrets and memories. 
I was building a shelter.|To dream that you are building a shelter, signifies that you will escape the evil designs of enemies. 
I was seeking shelter.|If you are seeking shelter, you will be guilty of cheating, and will try to justify yourself. 
I saw empty shelves.|To see empty shelves in dreams, indicates losses and consequent gloom. 
I saw shepherds watching their flocks.|To see shepherds in your dreams watching their flocks, portends bounteous crops and pleasant relations for the farmer, also much enjoyment and profit for others. 
I saw them in idleness.|To see them in idleness, foretells sickness and bereavement. 
I saw a sheriff.|To dream of seeing a sheriff, denotes that you will suffer great uneasiness over the uncertain changes which loom up before you. 
I was elected sheriff or felt interested in the office.|To imagine that you are elected sheriff or feel interested in the office, denotes that you will participate in some affair which will afford you neither profit nor honor. 
I imagined that I was elected sheriff or felt interested in the office.|To imagine that you are elected sheriff or feel interested in the office, denotes that you will participate in some affair which will afford you neither profit nor honor. 
I scaped arrest.|To escape arrest, you will be able to further engage in illicit affairs. 
I lost my life in one.|To lose your life in one, denotes that you will have an exceeding close call on your life or honor. 
I saw a ship on my way through a tempestuous storm.|To see a ship on her way through a tempestuous storm, foretells that you will be unfortunate in business transactions, and you will be perplexed to find means of hiding some intrigue from the public, as your partner in the affair will threaten you with betrayal. 
I saw others shipwrecked.|To see others shipwrecked, you will seek in vain to shelter some friend from disgrace and insolvency. 
I putted on my shirt.|To dream of putting on your shirt, is a sign that you will estrange yourself from your sweetheart by your faithless conduct. 
I lost my shirt.|To lose your shirt, augurs disgrace in business or love. 
I saw a shoemaker.|To see a shoemaker in your dream, warns you that indications are unfavorable to your advancement.  For a woman to dream that her husband or lover is a shoemaker, foretells competency will be hers; her wishes will be gratified. 
I saw my shoes ragged and soiled.|To dream of seeing your shoes ragged and soiled, denotes that you will make enemies by your unfeeling criticisms. 
I had them blacked.|To have them blacked in your dreams, foretells improvement in your affairs, and some important event will cause you satisfaction. 
I found them untied.|To find them untied, denotes losses, quarrels and ill-health. 
I lost them.|To lose them, is a sign of desertion and divorces. 
I saw or hear shooting.|To dream that you see or hear shooting, signifies unhappiness between married couples and sweethearts because of over-weaning selfishness, also unsatisfactory business and tasks because of negligence. 
I was shot.|To dream that you are shot, and are feeling the sensations of dying, denotes that you are to meet unexpected abuse from the ill feelings of friends, but if you escape death by waking, you will be fully reconciled with them later on. 
I shot both barrels of a double-barreled shotgun.|To shoot both barrels of a double-barreled shotgun, foretells that you will meet such exasperating and unfeeling attention in your private and public life that suave manners giving way under the strain and your righteous wrath will be justifiable. 
I saw naked shoulders.|To dream of seeing naked shoulders, foretells that happy changes will make you look upon the world in a different light than formerly. 
I saw my own shoulders appearing thin.|To see your own shoulders appearing thin, denotes that you will depend upon the caprices of others for entertainment and pleasure. 
I saw a shovel.|To see a shovel in a dream, signifies laborious but withal pleasant work will be undertaken.  A broken or old one, implies frustration of hopes. 
I was in a shower.|To dream that you are in a shower, foretells that you will derive exquisite pleasure in the study of creation and the proper placing of selfish pleasures. 
I saw shrouded corpses.|To see shrouded corpses, denotes a multitude of misfortunes. 
I saw a shrouded removed from a corpse.|To see a shroud removed from a corpse, denotes that quarrels will result in alienation. 
I saw any of my family pale and sick.|To see any of your family pale and sick, foretells that some event will break unexpectedly upon your harmonious hearthstone. Sickness is usually attendant upon this dream. 
I saw only the side of any object.|To dream of seeing only the side of any object, denotes that some person is going to treat your honest proposals with indifference. 
I had a fleshy.|To dream that you have a fleshy, healthy side, you will be successful in courtship and business. 
I was in a siege.|For a young woman to dream that she is in a siege, and sees cavalry around her, denotes that she will have serious drawbacks to enjoyments, but will surmount them finally, and receive much pleasure and profit from seeming disappointments. 
I was sighing over any trouble or sad event.|To dream that you are sighing over any trouble or sad event, denotes that you will have unexpected sadness, but some redeeming brightness in your season of trouble. 
I heard the sighing of others.|To hear the sighing of others, foretells that the misconduct of dear friends will oppress you with a weight of gloom. 
I wore silk clothes.|To dream of wearing silk clothes, is a sign of high ambitions being gratified, and friendly relations will be established between those who were estranged. 
I saw them dead.|To see them dead, or cutting through their cocoons, is a sign of reverses and trying times. 
I found silver money.|To find silver money, is indicative of shortcomings in others. Hasty conclusions are too frequently drawn by yourself for your own peace of mind. 
I heard singing.|To hear singing in your dreams, betokens a cheerful spirit and happy companions.  You are soon to have promising news from the absent. 
I gave promise of happiness.|If you are singing while everything around you gives promise of happiness, jealousy will insinuate a sense of insincerity into your joyousness. If there are notes of sadness in the song, you will be unpleasantly surprised at the turn your affairs will take. 
I was singing while everything around I gave promise of happiness.|If you are singing while everything around you gives promise of happiness, jealousy will insinuate a sense of insincerity into your joyousness. If there are notes of sadness in the song, you will be unpleasantly surprised at the turn your affairs will take. 
I was skating on ice.|To dream that you are skating on ice, foretells that you are in danger of losing employment, or valuable articles. If you break through the ice, you will have unworthy friends to counsel you. 
I saw others skating.|To see others skating, foretells that disagreeable people will connect your name in scandal with some person who admires you. 
I saw skates.|To see skates, denotes discord among your associates. 
I saw young people skating on roller skates.|To see young people skating on roller skates, foretells that you will enjoy good health, and feel enthusiastic over the pleasures you are able to contribute to others. 
I saw a skeleton.|To dream of seeing a skeleton, is prognostic of illness, misunderstanding and injury at the hands of others, especially enemies. 
I was a skeleton.|To dream that you are a skeleton, is a sign that you are suffering under useless worry, and should cultivate a milder disposition. 
I imagined that one haunts me.|If you imagine that one haunts you, there will soon come to you a shocking accident or death, or the trouble may take the form of financial disaster. 
I saw a friend 's skull.|To see a friend's skull, denotes that you will receive injury from a friend because of your being preferred to him. 
I saw my own skull.|To see your own skull, denotes that you will be the servant of remorse. 
I floated in the sky among weird faced and animals.|To dream of floating in the sky among weird faces and animals, and wondering all the while if you are really awake, or only dreaming, foretells that all trouble, the most excruciating pain, that reach even the dullest sense will be distilled into one drop called jealousy, and will be inserted into your faithful love, and loyalty will suffer dethronement. 
I saw the sky turn red.|To see the sky turn red, indicates that public disquiet and rioting may be expected. 
I was slandered.|To dream that you are slandered, is a sign of your untruthful dealings with ignorance. 
I slept in unnatural resting places.|To sleep in unnatural resting places, foretells sickness and broken engagements. 
I slept beside a little child.|To sleep beside a little child, betokens domestic joys and reciprocated love. 
I saw others sleeping.|To see others sleeping, you will overcome all opposition in your pursuit for woman's favor. 
I saw a sleigh.|To see a sleigh in your dreams, foretells you will fail in some love adventure, and incur the displeasure of a friend. To ride in one, foretells injudicious engagements will be entered into by you. 
I slid.|To dream of sliding, portends disappointments in affairs, and sweethearts will break vows. 
I slid down a hillside covered with green grass.|To slide down a hillside covered with green grass, foretells that you will be deceived into ruin by flattering promises. 
I slighted any person or friend.|To dream of slighting any person or friend, denotes that you will fail to find happiness, as you will cultivate a morose and repellent bearing. 
I was slighted.|If you are slighted, you will have cause to bemoan your unfortunate position. 
I saw people with smallpox.|To see people with smallpox in your dream, denotes unexpected and shocking sickness, and probably contagion.  You will meet failure in accomplishing your designs. 
I was overcome with smoke.|To be overcome with smoke, denotes that dangerous persons are victimizing you with flattery. 
I saw them wriggling and falling over others.|To see them wriggling and falling over others, foretells struggles with fortune and remorse. 
I killed them.|To kill them, you will feel that you have used every opportunity of advancing your own interests, or respecting that of others. You will enjoy victory over enemies. 
I walked over them.|To walk over them, you will live in constant fear of sickness, and selfish persons will seek to usurp your place in your companion's life. 
I handled them.|To handle them, you will use strategy to aid in overthrowing opposition. 
I saw hairs turned into snakes.|To see hairs turn into snakes, foretells that seeming insignificant incidents will make distressing cares for you. 
I saw or step on snakes while wading or bathing.|To see or step on snakes while wading or bathing, denotes that there will be trouble where unalloyed pleasure was anticipated. 
I saw them bite others.|To see them bite others, foretells that some friend will be injured and criticised by you. 
I saw little snakes.|To see little snakes, denotes you will entertain persons with friendly hospitality who will secretly defame you and work to overthrow your growing prospects. 
I saw children playing with them.|To see children playing with them, is a sign that you will be nonplussed to distinguish your friends from your enemies. For a woman to think a child places one on the back of her head, and she hears the snake's hisses, foretells that she will be persuaded to yield up some possession seemingly for her good, but she will find out later that she has been inveigled into an intrigue in which enemies will tantalize her. To see snakes raising up their heads in a path just behind your friend, denotes that you will discover a conspiracy which has been formed to injure your friend and also yourself. To think your friend has them under control, denotes that some powerful agency will be employed in your favor to ward off evil influences. 
I hypnotized a snake.|For a woman to hypnotize a snake, denotes your rights will be assailed, but you will be protected by law and influential friends. 
I stepped on them.|To step on them, denotes that you will come in contact with disagreeable people. 
I sneezed.|To dream that you sneeze, denotes that hasty tidings will cause you to change your plans. 
I saw or hear others sneezed.|To see or hear others sneeze, some people will bore you with visits. 
I saw snow.|To see snow in your dreams, denotes that while you have no real misfortune, there will be the appearance of illness, and unsatisfactory enterprises. 
I found myself in a snow storm.|To find yourself in a snow storm, denotes sorrow and disappointment in failure to enjoy some long-expected pleasure.  There always follows more or less discouragement after this dream. 
I ate snow.|If you eat snow, you will fail to realize ideals. 
I saw dirty snow.|To see dirty snow, foretells that your pride will be humbled, and you will seek reconciliation with some person whom you held in haughty contempt. 
I saw it melt.|To see it melt, your fears will turn into joy. 
I saw large.|To see large, white snowflakes falling while looking through a window, foretells that you will have an angry interview with your sweetheart, and the estrangement will be aggravated by financial depression. 
I saw snow-capped mountains in the distance.|To see snow-capped mountains in the distance, warns you that your longings and ambitions will bring no worthy advancement. 
I saw the sun shining through landscapes of snow.|To see the sun shining through landscapes of snow, foretells that you will conquer adverse fortune and possess yourself of power. 
I snowballed.|To dream of snowballing, denotes that you will have to struggle with dishonorable issues, and if your judgment is not well grounded, you will suffer defeat. 
I was making soap.|For a young woman to be making soap, omens a substantial and satisfactory competency will be hers. 
I saw a socialist.|To see a socialist in your dreams, your unenvied position among friends and acquaintances is predicted.  Your affairs will be neglected for other imaginary duties. 
I was at a soda fountain.|To dream of being at a soda fountain, denotes pleasure and profit after many exasperating experiences. 
I treated others to this and other delectable iced drinks.|To treat others to this and other delectable iced drinks; you will be rewarded in your efforts, though the outlook appears full of contradictions. Inharmonious environments, and desired results will be forthcoming. 
I saw soot.|If you see soot in your dreams, it means that you will meet with ill success in your affairs.  Lovers will be quarrelsome and hard to please. 
I had sold anything.|To dream that you have sold anything, denotes that unfavorable business will worry you. 
I saw soldiers marching.|To see soldiers marching in your dreams, foretells for you a period of flagrant excesses, but at the same time you will be promoted to elevations above rivals. 
I saw wounded soldiers.|To see wounded soldiers, is a sign of the misfortune of others causing you serious complications in your affairs. Your sympathy will outstrip your judgment. 
I was a worthy soldier.|To dream that you are a worthy soldier, you will have literal fulfilment of ideals.  Women are in danger of disrepute if they find themselves dreaming of soldiers. 
I was a somnambulist.|To imagine while dreaming that you are a somnambulist, portends that you will unwittingly consent to some agreement of plans which will bring you anxiety or ill fortune. 
I imagined that I was a somnambulist.|To imagine while dreaming that you are a somnambulist, portends that you will unwittingly consent to some agreement of plans which will bring you anxiety or ill fortune. 
I saw sores.|To dream of seeing sores, denotes that illness will cause you loss and mental distress. 
I dressed a sore.|To dress a sore, foretells that your personal wishes and desires will give place to the pleasure of others. 
I could see the bone.|To dream of an infant having a deep sore so that you can see the bone, denotes that distressing and annoying incidents will detract from your plans, and children will be threatened with contagion. 
I saw my soul leaving my body.|To dream of seeing your soul leaving your body, signifies you are in danger of sacrificing yourself to useless designs, which will dwarf your sense of honor and cause you to become mercenary and uncharitable. 
I saw my soul in another.|For an artist to see his soul in another, foretells he will gain distinction if he applies himself to his work and leaves off sentimental ro^les. 
I imagined another 's soul was in me.|To imagine another's soul is in you, denotes you will derive solace and benefit from some stranger who is yet to come into your life. 
I saw another young woman on the stage clothed in sheer robes.|For a young woman musician to dream that she sees another young woman on the stage clothed in sheer robes, and imagining it is her own soul in the other person, denotes she will be outrivaled in some great undertaking. 
I was discussing the immortality of my soul.|To dream that you are discussing the immortality of your soul, denotes you will improve opportunities which will aid you in gaining desired knowledge and pleasure of intercourse with intellectual people. 
I saw others taking soup.|To see others taking soup, foretells that you will have many good chances to marry. 
I made soup.|For a young woman to make soup, signifies that she will not be compelled to do menial work in her household, as she will marry a wealthy man. 
I drank oyster soup made of sweet milk.|To drink oyster soup made of sweet milk, there will be quarrels with some bad luck, but reconciliations will follow. 
I was sowing seed.|To dream that you are sowing seed, foretells to the farmer fruitful promises, if he sows in new ploughed soil. 
I saw others sowing.|To see others sowing, much business activity is portended, which will bring gain to all. 
I saw them distressed or wounded.|To see them distressed or wounded, foretells sadness. 
I saw broken spectacles.|To dream that you see broken spectacles, denotes estrangement caused by fondness for illegal pleasures. 
I saw one building its web.|To see one building its web, foretells that you will be happy and secure in your own home. 
I killed one.|To kill one, signifies quarrels with your wife or sweetheart. 
I saw many spiders hanging in their webs around me.|If you dream that you see many spiders hanging in their webs around you, foretells most favorable conditions, fortune, good health and friends. 
I saw a very large spider and a small one coming towards me.|To dream that you see a very large spider and a small one coming towards you, denotes that you will be prosperous, and that you will feel for a time that you are immensely successful; but if the large one bites you, enemies will steal away your good fortune. If the little one bites you, you will be harassed with little spites and jealousies.  To imagine that you are running from a large spider, denotes you will lose fortune in slighting opportunities. If you kill the spider you will eventually come into fair estate. If it afterwards returns to life and pursues you, you will be oppressed by sickness and wavering fortunes. 
I saw spider-webs.|To see spider-webs, denotes pleasant associations and fortunate ventures. 
I was spinning.|To dream that you are spinning, means that you will engage in some enterprise, which will be all you could wish. 
I saw spirits.|To see spirits in a dream, denotes that some unexpected trouble will confront you.  If they are white-robed, the health of your nearest friend is threatened, or some business speculation will be disapproving. If they are robed in black, you will meet with treachery and unfaithfulness. 
I heard spirits knocking on doors or walls.|To dream that you hear spirits knocking on doors or walls, denotes that trouble will arise unexpectedly. 
I saw them moving draperies.|To see them moving draperies, or moving behind them, is a warning to hold control over your feelings, as you are likely to commit indiscretions. Quarrels are also threatened. 
I saw the spirit of my friend floating in my room.|To see the spirit of your friend floating in your room, foretells disappointment and insecurity. 
I heard music supposedly coming from spirits.|To hear music supposedly coming from spirits, denotes unfavorable changes and sadness in the household. 
I spit.|To dream of spitting, denotes unhappy terminations of seemingly auspicious undertakings.  For some one to spit on you, foretells disagreements and alienation of affections. 
I lived in splendor.|To dream that you live in splendor, denotes that you will succeed to elevations, and will reside in a different state to the one you now occupy. 
I saw others thus living.|To see others thus living, signifies pleasure derived from the interest that friends take in your welfare. 
I was visiting me stick a splinter in my foot.|If while you are visiting you stick a splinter in your foot, you will soon make, or receive, a visit which will prove extremely unpleasant. Your affairs will go slightly wrong through your continued neglect. 
I stuck a splinter in my foot.|If while you are visiting you stick a splinter in your foot, you will soon make, or receive, a visit which will prove extremely unpleasant. Your affairs will go slightly wrong through your continued neglect. 
I used one in erasing.|To use one in erasing, you will be the victim of folly. 
I saw.|To see, or use, spoons in a dream, denotes favorable signs of advancement. Domestic affairs will afford contentment. 
I thought a spoon was lost.|To think a spoon is lost, denotes that you will be suspicious of wrong doing. 
I stole one.|To steal one, is a sign that you will deserve censure for your contemptible meanness in your home. 
I saw spring appearing unnaturally.|To see spring appearing unnaturally, is a foreboding of disquiet and losses. 
I wore spurs.|To dream of wearing spurs, denotes that you will engage in some unpleasant controversy. 
I saw others with them on.|To see others with them on, foretells that enmity is working you trouble. 
I was a spy.|To dream that you are a spy, denotes that you will make unfortunate ventures. 
I was looking through a spy-glass.|To dream that you are looking through a spy-glass, denotes that changes will soon occur to your disadvantage. 
I saw a broken or imperfect one.|To see a broken or imperfect one, foretells unhappy dissensions and loss of friends. 
I saw some person with squinting eyes.|To dream that you see some person with squinting eyes, denotes that you will be annoyed with unpleasant people. 
I saw squirrels.|To dream of seeing squirrels, denotes that pleasant friends will soon visit you.  You will see advancement in your business also. 
I killed a squirrel.|To kill a squirrel, denotes that you will be unfriendly and disliked. 
I petted one.|To pet one, signifies family joy. 
I saw a dog chasing one.|To see a dog chasing one, foretells disagreements and unpleasantness among friends. 
I saw a stable burning denoted successful changes.|To see a stable burning denotes successful changes, or it may be seen in actual life. 
I saw stags.|To see stags in your dream, foretells that you will have honest and true friends, and will enjoy delightful entertainments. 
I saw stain on my hands.|To see stain on your hands, or clothing, while dreaming, foretells that trouble over small matters will assail you. 
I saw a stain on the garments of others.|To see a stain on the garments of others, or on their flesh, foretells that some person will betray you. 
I passed up a stairs.|To dream of passing up a stairs, foretells good fortune and much happiness. 
I fell down stairs.|If you fall down stairs, you will be the object of hatred and envy. 
I walked down.|To walk down, you will be unlucky in your affairs, and your lovemaking will be unfavorable. 
I saw broad.|To see broad, handsome stairs, foretells approaching riches and honors. 
I saw others going down stairs.|To see others going down stairs, denotes that unpleasant conditions will take the place of pleasure. 
I sat on stair steps.|To sit on stair steps, denotes a gradual rise in fortune and delight. 
I rode a fine stallion.|To dream you ride a fine stallion, denotes you will rise to position and affluence in a phenomenal way; however, your success will warp your morality and sense of justice.  To see one with the rabies, foretells that wealthy surroundings will cause you to assume arrogance, which will be distasteful to your friends, and your pleasures will be deceitful. 
I was a standard-bearer.|To dream that you are a standard-bearer, denotes that your occupation will be pleasant, but varied. 
I saw others acting as standard-bearers.|To see others acting as standard-bearers, foretells that you will be jealous and envious of some friend. 
I looked upon clear.|To dream of looking upon clear, shining stars, foretells good health and prosperity.  If they are dull or red, there is trouble and misfortune ahead. 
I saw a shooting or falling star.|To see a shooting or falling star, denotes sadness and grief. 
I saw stars appearing and vanishing mysteriously.|To see stars appearing and vanishing mysteriously, there will be some strange changes and happenings in your near future. 
I saw them rolling around on the earth.|To see them rolling around on the earth, is a sign of formidable danger and trying times. 
I was in a starving condition.|To dream of being in a starving condition, portends unfruitful labors and a dearth of friends. 
I saw others in this condition.|To see others in this condition, omens misery and dissatisfaction with present companions and employment. 
I saw statues.|To see statues in dreams, signifies estrangement from a loved one. Lack of energy will cause you disappointment in realizing wishes. 
I stole.|To dream of stealing, or of seeing others commit this act, foretells bad luck and loss of character. 
I was accused of stealing.|To be accused of stealing, denotes that you will be misunderstood in some affair, and suffer therefrom, but you will eventually find that this will bring you favor. 
I saw a steeple rising from a church.|To see a steeple rising from a church, is a harbinger of sickness and reverses. 
I climbed a steeple.|To climb a steeple, foretells that you will have serious difficulties, but will surmount them. 
I fell from one.|To fall from one, denotes losses in trade and ill health. 
I ascended steps.|To dream that you ascend steps, denotes that fair prospects will relieve former anxiety. 
I decended them.|To decend them, you may look for misfortune. 
I fell down them.|To fall down them, you are threatened with unexpected failure in your affairs. 
I fell from them.|To fall from them, or feel them break beneath you, you will be precipitated into embarrassments by trusting your affairs to the care of others. 
I felt that any insect stings me.|To feel that any insect stings you in a dream, is a foreboding of evil and unhappiness. 
I was stung.|For a young woman to dream that she is stung, is ominous of sorrow and remorse from over-confidence in men. 
I saw my stockings ragged.|For a young woman to see her stockings ragged, or worn, foretells that she will be guilty of unwise, if not immoral conduct. To dream that she puts on fancy stockings, she will be fond of the attention of men, and she should be careful to whom she shows preference.  If white ones appear to be on her feet, she is threatened with woeful disappointment or illness. 
I saw stones.|To see stones in your dreams, foretells numberless perplexities and failures. 
I walked among rocks.|To walk among rocks, or stones, omens that an uneven and rough pathway will be yours for at least a while. 
I made deals in ore-bearing rock lands.|To make deals in ore-bearing rock lands, you will be successful in business after many lines have been tried. If you fail to profit by the deal, you will have disappointments. If anxiety is greatly felt in closing the trade, you will succeed in buying or selling something that will prove profitable to you. 
I threw a stone.|If you throw a stone, you will have cause to admonish a person. 
I threw a pebble or stone at some belligerent person.|If you design to throw a pebble or stone at some belligerent person, it denotes that some evil feared by you will pass because of your untiring attention to right principles. 
I saw stone masons at work.|To see stone masons at work while dreaming, foretells disappointment. 
I was a stone mason.|To dream that you are a stone mason, portends that your labors will be unfruitful, and your companions will be dull and uncongenial. 
I found myself in a department store.|If you find yourself in a department store, it foretells that much pleasure will be derived from various sources of profit. 
I sold goods in one.|To sell goods in one, your advancement will be accelerated by your energy and the efforts of friends. 
I sold a pair of soiled.|To dream that you sell a pair of soiled, gray cotton gloves to a woman, foretells that your opinion of women will place you in hazardous positions. If a woman has this dream, her preference for some one of the male sex will not be appreciated very much by him. 
I saw and heard a storm approaching.|To see and hear a storm approaching, foretells continued sickness, unfavorable business, and separation from friends, which will cause added distress.  If the storm passes, your affliction will not be so heavy. 
I saw straw piles burning.|To see straw piles burning, is a signal of prosperous times. 
I ate them.|To eat them, denotes requited love. 
I dealt in them.|To deal in them, denotes abundant harvest and happiness. 
I was walking in a street.|To dream that you are walking in a street, foretells ill luck and worries. You will almost despair of reaching the goal you have set up in your aspirations. 
I was in a familiar street in a distant city.|To be in a familiar street in a distant city, and it appears dark, you will make a journey soon, which will not afford the profit or pleasure contemplated.  If the street is brilliantly lighted, you will engage in pleasure, which will quickly pass, leaving no comfort. 
I passed down a street and felt alarmed lest a thug attack me.|To pass down a street and feel alarmed lest a thug attack you, denotes that you are venturing upon dangerous ground in advancing your pleasure or business. 
I was a street-poster.|To dream that you are a street-poster, denotes that you will undertake some unpleasant and unprofitable work. 
I saw street-posters at work.|To see street-posters at work, foretells disagreeable news. 
I struggled.|To dream of struggling, foretells that you will encounter serious difficulties, but if you gain the victory in your struggle, you will also surmount present obstacles. 
I stumbled while walking or running.|If you stumble in a dream while walking or running, you will meet with disfavor, and obstructions will bar your path to success, but you will eventually surmount them, if you do not fall. 
I saw the young taking suckle.|To see the young taking suckle, denotes contentment and favorable conditions for success is unfolding to you. 
I was suffocating.|To dream that you are suffocating, denotes that you will experience deep sorrow and mortification at the conduct of some one you love. You should be careful of your health after this dream. 
I ate sugar.|To eat sugar in your dreams, you will have unpleasant matters to contend with for a while, but they will result better than expected. 
I dealt in sugar and saw large quantities of it being delivered to me.|To deal in sugar and see large quantities of it being delivered to you, you will barely escape a serious loss. 
I saw a cask of sugar burst and the sugar spilling out.|To see a cask of sugar burst and the sugar spilling out, foretells a slight loss. 
I heard a negro singing while unloading sugar.|To hear a negro singing while unloading sugar, some seemingly insignificant affair will bring you great benefit, either in business or social states. 
I committed suicide.|To commit suicide in a dream, foretells that misfortune will hang heavily over you. 
I saw or hear others committing this deed.|To see or hear others committing this deed, foretells that the failure of others will affect your interests. 
I saw sulphur burning.|To see sulphur burning, is ominous of great care attendant upon your wealth. 
I ate sulphur.|To eat sulphur, indicates good health and consequent pleasure. 
I saw a clear.|To dream of seeing a clear, shining sunrise, foretells joyous events and prosperity, which give delightful promises. 
I saw the sun at noontide.|To see the sun at noontide, denotes the maturity of ambitions and signals unbounded satisfaction. 
I saw the sunset.|To see the sunset, is prognostic of joys and wealth passing their zenith, and warns you to care for your interests with renewed vigilance. 
I saw young girls carrying sunshades.|To dream of seeing young girls carrying sunshades, foretells prosperity and exquisite delights. 
I saw surgical instruments.|To see surgical instruments in a dream, foretells dissatisfaction will be felt by you at the indiscreet manner a friend manifests toward you. 
I saw a wounded or dead one.|To see a wounded or dead one, signifies unavoidable sadness. 
I walked through swampy places.|To walk through swampy places in dreams, foretells that you will be the object of adverse circumstances.  Your inheritance will be uncertain, and you will undergo keen disappointments in your love matters. 
I saw clear water and green growths.|To go through a swamp where you see clear water and green growths, you will take hold on prosperity and singular pleasures, the obtaining of which will be attended with danger and intriguing. 
I went through a swamp where I saw clear water and green growths.|To go through a swamp where you see clear water and green growths, you will take hold on prosperity and singular pleasures, the obtaining of which will be attended with danger and intriguing. 
I saw white swans floating upon placid waters.|To dream of seeing white swans floating upon placid waters, foretells prosperous outlooks and delightful experiences. 
I saw a black swan.|To see a black swan, denotes illicit pleasure, if near clear water. 
I saw them flying.|To see them flying, pleasant anticipations will be realized soon. 
I was swearing before my family.|To dream that you are swearing before your family, denotes that disagreements will soon be brought about by your unloyal conduct. 
I thought the floors needed sweeping.|If you think the floors need sweeping, and you from some cause neglect them, there will be distresses and bitter disappointments awaiting you in the approaching days. 
I was trying to get rid of a sweet taste.|To dream that you are trying to get rid of a sweet taste, foretells that you will oppress and deride your friends, and will incur their displeasure. 
I got rid of a sweet taste.|To dream that you are trying to get rid of a sweet taste, foretells that you will oppress and deride your friends, and will incur their displeasure. 
I saw myself swollen.|To dream that you see yourself swollen, denotes that you will amass fortune, but your egotism will interfere with your enjoyment. 
I saw others swollen.|To see others swollen, foretells that advancement will meet with envious obstructions. 
I was swimming with a girl friend who was an artist in swimming.|For a young woman to dream that she is swimming with a girl friend who is an artist in swimming, foretells that she will be loved for her charming disposition, and her little love affairs will be condoned by her friends. 
I swam under water.|To swim under water, foretells struggles and anxieties. 
I wore a sword.|To dream that you wear a sword, indicates that you will fill some public position with honor. 
I had my sword taken from me.|To have your sword taken from you, denotes your vanquishment in rivalry. 
I saw others bearing swords.|To see others bearing swords, foretells that altercations will be attended with danger. 
I read the Hebrew inscription on a synagogue.|If you read the Hebrew inscription on a synagogue, you will meet disaster, but will eventually rebuild your fortunes with renewed splendor. 
I set a table preparatory to a meal.|To dream of setting a table preparatory to a meal, foretells happy unions and prosperous circumstances. 
I saw empty tables.|To see empty tables, signifies poverty or disagreements. 
I cleared away the table.|To clear away the table, denotes that pleasure will soon assume the form of trouble and indifference. 
I ate from a table without a cloth.|To eat from a table without a cloth, foretells that you will be possessed of an independent disposition, and the prosperity or conduct of others will give you no concern. 
I saw a table walking or moving in some mysterious way.|To see a table walking or moving in some mysterious way, foretells that dissatisfaction will soon enter your life, and you will seek relief in change. 
I saw a broken table.|To see a broken table, is ominous of decaying fortune. 
I saw one standing or sitting on a table.|To see one standing or sitting on a table, foretells that to obtain their desires they will be guilty of indiscretions. 
I saw or heard table-rapping or writing.|To see or hear table-rapping or writing, denotes that you will undergo change of feelings towards your friends, and your fortune will be threatened. A loss from the depreciation of relatives or friends is indicated. 
I drove one.|For a woman to drive one, foretells she will master unpleasant rivalry. 
I saw only the tail of a beast.|To dream of seeing only the tail of a beast, unusual annoyance is indicated where pleasures seemed assured. 
I cut off the tail of an animal.|To cut off the tail of an animal, denotes that you will suffer misfortune by your own carelessness. 
I had the tail of a beast grown on me.|To dream that you have the tail of a beast grown on you, denotes that your evil ways will cause you untold distress, and strange events will cause you perplexity. 
I had a misunderstanding with one.|To have a misunderstanding with one, shows that you will be disappointed in the outcome of some scheme. 
I took my measure.|For one to take your measure, denotes that you will have quarrels and disagreements. 
I wore a talisman.|To dream that you wear a talisman, implies you will have pleasant companions and enjoy favors from the rich. For a young woman to dream her lover gives her one, denotes she will obtain her wishes concerning marriage. 
I talked.|To dream of talking, denotes that you will soon hear of the sickness of relatives, and there will be worries in your affairs. 
I was a tanner.|To dream that you are a tanner, denotes that you will have to engage in work which is not to your taste, but there will be others dependent upon you. 
I bought leather from a tannery.|To buy leather from a tannery, foretells that you will be successful in your undertakings, but will not make many friends. 
I saw rich tapestry.|To dream of seeing rich tapestry, foretells that luxurious living will be to your liking, and if the tapestries are not worn or ragged, you will be able to gratify your inclinations. 
I saw a tapeworm.|To dream you see a tapeworm, or have one, denotes disagreeable prospects for health or for pleasure. 
I saw tar.|If you see tar in dreams, it warns you against pitfalls and designs of treacherous enemies. 
I had tar on my hands or clothing.|To have tar on your hands or clothing, denotes sickness and grief. 
I saw a tarantula.|To see a tarantula in your dream, signifies enemies are about to overwhelm you with loss.  To kill one, denotes you will be successful after much ill-luck. 
I saw tassels.|To see tassels in a dream, denotes you will reach the height of your desires and ambition.  For a young woman to lose them, denotes she will undergo some unpleasant experience. 
I saw my body appearing tattooed.|To see your body appearing tattooed, foretells that some difficulty will cause you to make a long and tedious absence from your home. 
I saw tattooes on others.|To see tattooes on others, foretells that strange loves will make you an object of jealousy. 
I was a tattooist.|To dream you are a tattooist, is a sign that you will estrange yourself from friends because of your fancy for some strange experience. 
I payed my taxes.|To dream that you pay your taxes, foretells you will succeed in destroying evil influences rising around you. If others pay them, you will be forced to ask aid of friends. If you are unable to pay them, you will be unfortunate in experiments you are making. 
I was brewing tea.|To dream that you are brewing tea, foretells that you will be guilty of indiscreet actions, and will feel deeply remorseful. 
I saw my friends drinking tea.|To see your friends drinking tea, and you with them, denotes that social pleasures will pall on you, and you will seek to change your feelings by serving others in their sorrows. 
I saw dregs in my tea.|To see dregs in your tea, warns you of trouble in love, and affairs of a social nature. 
I spilt tea.|To spill tea, is a sign of domestic confusion and grief. 
I found my tea chest empty.|To find your tea chest empty, unfolds much disagreeable gossip and news. 
I was thirsty for tea.|To dream that you are thirsty for tea, denotes that you will be surprised with uninvited guests. 
I saw a teakettle.|To dream you see a teakettle, implies sudden news which will be likely to distress you.  For a woman to pour sparkling, cold water from a teakettle, she will have unexpected favor shown her. 
I was in tears.|To dream that you are in tears, denotes that some affliction will soon envelope you. 
I saw others shedding tears.|To see others shedding tears, foretells that your sorrows will affect the happiness of others, 
I found myself teasing any person.|To find yourself teasing any person while dreaming, denotes that you will be loved and sought after because of your cheerful and amiable manners. Your business will be eventually successful. 
I was teased.|To dream of being teased, denotes that you will win the love of merry and well-to-do persons. 
I was teased.|For a young woman to dream of being teased, foretells that she will form a hasty attachment, but will not be successful in consummating an early marriage. 
I had them filled.|To have them filled, you will recover lost valuables after much uneasiness. 
I cleaned or wash my teeth.|To clean or wash your teeth, foretells that some great struggle will be demanded of you in order to preserve your fortune. 
I was having a set of teeth made.|To dream that you are having a set of teeth made, denotes that severe crosses will fall upon you, and you will strive to throw them aside. 
I lost my teeth.|If you lose your teeth, you will have burdens which will crush your pride and demolish your affairs. 
I had my teeth knocked out.|To dream that you have your teeth knocked out, denotes sudden misfortune. Either your business will suffer, or deaths or accidents will come close to you. 
I examined my teeth.|To examine your teeth, warns you to be careful of your affairs, as enemies are lurking near you. 
I spit out teeth.|To dream of spitting out teeth, portends personal sickness, or sickness in your immediate family. 
I fell out.|For one tooth to fall out, foretells disagreeable news; if two, it denotes unhappy states that the dreamer will be plunged into from no carelessness on his part.  If three fall out, sickness and accidents of a very serious nature will follow. 
I admired my teeth for their whiteness and beauty.|To admire your teeth for their whiteness and beauty, foretells that pleasant occupations and much happiness will be experienced through the fulfilment of wishes. 
I pulled one of my teeth and lose it.|To dream that you pull one of your teeth and lose it, and feeling within your mouth with your tongue for the cavity, and failing to find any, and have a doctor for the same, but to no effect, leaving the whole affair enveloped in mystery, denotes that you are about to enter into some engagement which does not exactly please you, and which you decide to ignore, but will later take it up and secretly prosecute it to your own disquieting satisfaction and under the suspicion of friends. 
I received a telegram.|To dream that you receive a telegram, denotes that you will soon receive tidings of an unpleasant character. Some friend is likely to misrepresent matters which are of much concern to you. 
I sent a telegram was a sign that I will be estranged from some one holding a place near me.|To send a telegram is a sign that you will be estranged from some one holding a place near you, or business will disappoint you. 
I willed be estranged from some one holding a place near me.|To send a telegram is a sign that you will be estranged from some one holding a place near you, or business will disappoint you. 
I was the operator sending these messages.|If you are the operator sending these messages, you will be affected by them only through the interest of others. 
I saw or be in a telegraph office.|To see or be in a telegraph office, foretells unfortunate engagements. 
I looked at planets and starred through one.|To look at planets and stars through one, portends for you journeys which will afford you much pleasure, but later cause you much financial loss. 
I saw a broken telescope.|To see a broken telescope, or one not in use, signifies that matters will go out of the ordinary with you, and trouble may be expected. 
I was surrounded by temptations.|To dream that you are surrounded by temptations, denotes that you will be involved in some trouble with an envious person who is trying to displace you in the confidence of friends. If you resist them, you will be successful in some affair in which you have much opposition. 
I saw my tenant.|For a landlord to see his tenant in a dream, denotes he will have business trouble and vexation.  To imagine you are a tenant, foretells you will suffer loss in experiments of a business character. If a tenant pays you money, you will be successful in some engagements. 
I saw others engaged in this dream.|To see others engaged in this dream, foretells that you will find pleasure in frivolous people and likely lose employment. 
I played a successful game of tenpins.|For a young woman to play a successful game of tenpins, is an omen of light pleasures, but sorrow will attend her later. 
I was in a tent.|To dream of being in a tent, foretells a change in your affairs. 
I saw a number of tents.|To see a number of tents, denotes journeys with unpleasant companions. 
I felt terror at any object or happening.|To dream that you feel terror at any object or happening, denotes that disappointments and loss will envelope you. 
I saw others in terror.|To see others in terror, means that unhappiness of friends will seriously affect you. 
I heard a minister reading my text.|To dream of hearing a minister reading his text, denotes that quarrels will lead to separation with some friend. 
I was in a dispute about a text.|To dream that you are in a dispute about a text, foretells unfortunate adventures for you. 
I recalled a text.|If you try to recall a text, you will meet with unexpected difficulties. 
I tried to recall a text.|If you try to recall a text, you will meet with unexpected difficulties. 
I was repeating and pondering over one.|If you are repeating and pondering over one, you will have great obstacles to overcome if you gain your desires. 
I thatched a roof with any quickly.|To dream that you thatch a roof with any quickly, perishable material, denotes that sorrow and discomfort will surround you. 
I had thatched with straw was leaking.|If you find that a roof which you have thatched with straw is leaking, there will be threatenings of danger, but by your rightly directed energy they may be averted. 
I found that a roof which I had thatched with straw was leaking.|If you find that a roof which you have thatched with straw is leaking, there will be threatenings of danger, but by your rightly directed energy they may be averted. 
I saw ice thawing.|To dream of seeing ice thawing, foretells that some affair which has caused you much worry will soon give you profit and pleasure. 
I saw the ground thawing after a long freeze.|To see the ground thawing after a long freeze, foretells prosperous circumstances. 
I was at a theater.|To dream of being at a theater, denotes that you will have much pleasure in the company of new friends.  Your affairs will be satisfactory after this dream.  If you are one of the players, your pleasures will be of short duration. 
I attended a vaudeville theater.|If you attend a vaudeville theater, you are in danger of losing property through silly pleasures.  If it is a grand opera, you will succeed in you wishes and aspirations. 
I scaped from one during a fire or other excitement.|To dream of trying to escape from one during a fire or other excitement, foretells that you will engage in some enterprise, which will be hazardous. 
I tried to escape from one during a fire or other excitement.|To dream of trying to escape from one during a fire or other excitement, foretells that you will engage in some enterprise, which will be hazardous. 
I looked at a thermometer.|To dream of looking at a thermometer, denotes unsatisfactory business, and disagreements in the home. 
I saw a broken one.|To see a broken one, foreshadows illness.  If the mercury seems to be falling, your affairs will assume a distressing shape. If it is rising, you will be able to throw off bad conditions in your business. 
I was pursued by officers.|To dream of being a thief and that you are pursued by officers, is a sign that you will meet reverses in business, and your social relations will be unpleasant. 
I was a thief and that I was pursued by officers.|To dream of being a thief and that you are pursued by officers, is a sign that you will meet reverses in business, and your social relations will be unpleasant. 
I pursued or capture a thief.|If you pursue or capture a thief, you will overcome your enemies. 
I saw my thigh smooth and white.|To dream of seeing your thigh smooth and white, denotes unusual good luck and pleasure. 
I saw wounded thighs.|To see wounded thighs, foretells illness and treachery. 
I admired me thigh.|For a young woman to admire her thigh, signifies willingness to engage in adventures, and she should heed this as a warning to be careful of her conduct. 
I used a thimble.|If you use a thimble in your dreams, you will have many others to please besides yourself.  If a woman, you will have your own position to make. 
I lost one.|To lose one, foretells poverty and trouble.  To see an old or broken one, denotes that you are about to act unwisely in some momentous affair. 
I received or buy a new thimble.|To receive or buy a new thimble, portends new associations in which you will find contentment. 
I used an open end thimble.|To dream that you use an open end thimble, but find that it is closed, denotes that you will have trouble, but friends will aid you in escaping its disastrous consequences. 
I was thirsty.|To dream of being thirsty, shows that you are aspiring to things beyond your present reach; but if your thirst is quenched with pleasing drinks, you will obtain your wishes. 
I slaked it.|To see others thirsty and drinking to slake it, you will enjoy many favors at the hands of wealthy people. 
I saw others thirsty and drinking to slake it.|To see others thirsty and drinking to slake it, you will enjoy many favors at the hands of wealthy people. 
I saw broken threads.|To see broken threads, you will suffer loss through the faithlessness of friends. 
I broke down or have an accident while threshing.|To break down or have an accident while threshing, you will have some great sorrow in the midst of prosperity. 
I saw a well-developed and graceful throat.|To dream of seeing a well-developed and graceful throat, portends a rise in position. 
I felt that my throat was sore.|If you feel that your throat is sore, you will be deceived in your estimation of a friend, and will have anxiety over the discovery. 
I descended from one.|To descend from one, there is much disappointment for you. 
I saw others on a throne.|To see others on a throne, you will succeed to wealth through the favor of others. 
I saw a thumb.|To dream of seeing a thumb, foretells that you will be the favorite of artful persons and uncertain fortune. 
I was suffering from a sore thumb.|If you are suffering from a sore thumb, you will lose in business, and your companions will prove disagreeable. To dream that you have no thumb, implies destitution and loneliness. If it seems unnaturally small, you will enjoy pleasure for a time. If abnormally large, your success will be rapid and brilliant. 
I was in a thunder shower.|To be in a thunder shower, denotes trouble and grief are close to you. 
I heard the terrific peals of thunder.|To hear the terrific peals of thunder, which make the earth quake, portends great loss and disappointment. 
I was tickled.|To dream of being tickled, denotes insistent worries and illness. 
I tickled others.|If you tickle others, you will throw away much enjoyment through weakness and folly. 
I saw ticks crawling on my flesh.|To dream you see ticks crawling on your flesh, is a sign of impoverished circumstances and ill health.  Hasty journeys to sick beds may be made. 
I saw large ticks on stock.|To see in your dreams large ticks on stock, enemies are endeavoring to get possession of your property by foul means. 
I saw one running away from me.|To see one running away from you, is a sign that you will overcome opposition, and rise to high positions. 
I saw them in cages.|To see them in cages, foretells that you will foil your adversaries. 
I saw rugs of tiger skins.|To see rugs of tiger skins, denotes that you are in the way to enjoy luxurious ease and pleasure. 
I saw money and valuables in a till.|To dream of seeing money and valuables in a till, foretells coming success. Your love affairs will be exceedingly favorable.  An empty one, denotes disappointed expectations. 
I saw timber.|To see timber in your dreams, is an augury of prosperous times and peaceful surroundings. 
I was tipsy.|To dream that you are tipsy, denotes that you will cultivate a jovial disposition, and the cares of life will make no serious inroads into your conscience. 
I saw others tipsy.|To see others tipsy, shows that you are careless as to the demeanor of your associates. 
I killed a toad.|To kill a toad, foretells that your judgment will be harshly criticised. 
I put my hands on them.|To put your hands on them, you will be instrumental in causing the downfall of a friend. 
I used it.|To use it, warns you against enemies and extravagance. 
I saw it growing.|To see it growing, foretells successful enterprises. To see it dry in the leaf, ensures good crops to farmers, and consequent gain to tradesmen. 
I smoked tobacco.|To smoke tobacco, denotes amiable friendships. 
I heard a tocsin sounded.|To dream of hearing a tocsin sounded, augurs a strife from which you will come victorious.  For a woman, this is a warning of separation from her husband or lover. 
I took a toddy.|To dream of taking a toddy, foretells interesting events will soon change your plan of living. 
I saw ripe ones.|For a young woman to see ripe ones, foretells her happiness in the married state. 
I saw tombs.|To dream of seeing tombs, denotes sadness and disappointments in business. 
I saw my own tomb.|To dream of seeing your own tomb, portends your individual sickness or disappointments. 
I read the inscription on tombs.|To read the inscription on tombs, foretells unpleasant duties. 
I saw my own tongue.|To dream of seeing your own tongue, denotes that you will be looked upon with disfavor by your acquaintances. 
I saw the tongue of another.|To see the tongue of another, foretells that scandal will villify you. 
I was toothless.|To dream that you are toothless, denotes your inability to advance your interests, and ill health will cast goom{sic} over your prospects. 
I saw others toothless.|To see others toothless, foretells that enemies are trying in vain to calumniate you. 
I used one.|If you use one, you will be a party to a friend's injury. 
I saw topaz.|To see topaz in a dream, signifies Fortune will be liberal in her favors, and you will have very pleasing companions. For a woman to lose topaz ornaments, foretells she will be injured by jealous friends who court her position. To receive one from another beside a relative, foretells an interesting love affair will occupy her attention. 
I saw one spinning.|To see one spinning, foretells that you will waste your means in childish pleasures. 
I saw a top.|To see a top, foretells indiscriminate friendships will involve you in difficulty. 
I saw torches.|To dream of seeing torches, foretells pleasant amusement and favorable business. 
I carried a torch.|To carry a torch, denotes success in love making or intricate affairs. For one to go out, denotes failure and distress. 
I was in a tornado.|If you dream that you are in a tornado, you will be filled with disappointment and perplexity over the miscarriage of studied plans for swift attainment of fortune. 
I was looking upon a rushing torrent.|To dream that you are looking upon a rushing torrent, denotes that you will have unusual trouble and anxiety. 
I was tortured.|To dream of being tortured, denotes that you will undergo disappointment and grief through the machination of false friends. 
I was torturing others.|If you are torturing others, you will fail to carry out well-laid plans for increasing your fortune. 
I was trying to alleviate the torture of others.|If you are trying to alleviate the torture of others, you will succeed after a struggle in business and love. 
I alleviated the torture of others.|If you are trying to alleviate the torture of others, you will succeed after a struggle in business and love. 
I was a tourist.|To dream that you are a tourist, denotes that you will engage in some pleasurable affair which will take you away from your usual residence. 
I saw tourists.|To see tourists, indicates brisk but unsettled business and anxiety in love. 
I saw a tower.|To dream of seeing a tower, denotes that you will aspire to high elevations. If you climb one, you will succeed in your wishes, but if the tower crumbles as you descend, you will be disappointed in your hopes. 
I saw toys.|To see toys in dreams, foretells family joys, if whole and new, but if broken, death will rend your heart with sorrow. 
I saw children at play with toys.|To see children at play with toys, marriage of a happy nature is indicated. 
I gave away toys.|To give away toys in your dreams, foretells you will be ignored in a social way by your acquaintances. 
I was implicated in a tragedy.|To dream that you are implicated in a tragedy, portends that a calamity will plunge you into sorrow and peril. 
I saw a train of cars moving.|To see a train of cars moving in your dreams, you will soon have cause to make a journey. 
I moved smoothly along.|To be on a train and it appears to move smoothly along, though there is no track, denotes that you will be much worried over some affair which will eventually prove a source of profit to you. 
I was on a train and it appeared to move smoothly along.|To be on a train and it appears to move smoothly along, though there is no track, denotes that you will be much worried over some affair which will eventually prove a source of profit to you. 
I saw freight trains.|To see freight trains in your dreams, is an omen of changes which will tend to your elevation. 
I found myself.|To find yourself, in a dream, on top of a sleeping car, denotes you will make a journey with an unpleasant companion, with whom you will spend money and time that could be used in a more profitable and congenial way, and whom you will seek to avoid. 
I saw a traitor.|To see a traitor in your dream, foretells you will have enemies working to despoil you.  If some one calls you one, or if you imagine yourself one, there will be unfavorable prospects of pleasure for you. 
I saw myself transfigured.|To see yourself transfigured, you will stand high in the esteem of honest and prominent men. 
I set a trap.|To dream of setting a trap, denotes that you will use intrigue to carry out your designs 
I was caught in a trap.|If you are caught in a trap, you will be outwitted by your opponents. 
I caught game in a trap.|If you catch game in a trap, you will flourish in whatever vocation you may choose. 
I saw an empty trap.|To see an empty trap, there will be misfortune in the immediate future. 
I traveled.|To dream of traveling, signifies profit and pleasure combined. To dream of traveling through rough unknown places, portends dangerous enemies, and perhaps sickness.  Over bare or rocky steeps, signifies apparent gain, but loss and disappointment will swiftly follow. If the hills or mountains are fertile and green, you will be eminently prosperous and happy. 
I travelled alone in a car.|To dream you travel alone in a car, denotes you may possibly make an eventful journey, and affairs will be worrying. To travel in a crowded car, foretells fortunate adventures, and new and entertaining companions. 
I saw trays.|To see trays in your dream, denotes your wealth will be foolishly wasted, and surprises of unpleasant nature will shock you. If the trays seem to be filled with valuables, surprises will come in the shape of good fortune. 
I found treasures.|To dream that you find treasures, denotes that you will be greatly aided in your pursuit of fortune by some unexpected generosity. 
I lost treasures.|If you lose treasures, bad luck in business and the inconstancy of friends is foretold. 
I cut one down.|To cut one down, or pull it up by the roots, denotes that you will waste your energies and wealth foolishly. 
I saw green tress newly felled.|To see green tress newly felled, portends unhappiness coming unexpectedly upon scenes of enjoyment, or prosperity. 
I saw trenches.|To see trenches in dreams, warns you of distant treachery. You will sustain loss if not careful in undertaking new enterprises, or associating with strangers. 
I saw filled trenches.|To see filled trenches, denotes many anxieties are gathering around you. 
I saw tripe.|To see tripe in a dream, means sickness and danger. 
I ate tripe.|To eat tripe, denotes that you will be disappointed in some serious matter. 
I saw triplets.|To dream of seeing triplets, foretells success in affairs where failure was feared. 
I heard newly-born triplets crying.|To hear newly-born triplets crying, signifies disagreements which will be hastily reconciled to your pleasure. 
I had triplets.|For a young woman to dream that she has triplets, denotes that she will suffer loss and disappointment in love, but will succeed to wealth. 
I saw trophies.|To see trophies in a dream, signifies some pleasure or fortune will come to you through the endeavors of mere acquaintances. For a woman to give away a trophy, implies doubtful pleasures and fortune. 
I put them on wrong side out.|If you put them on wrong side out, you will find that a fascination is fastening its hold upon you. 
I saw trout.|To dream of seeing trout, is significant of growing prosperity. To eat some, denotes that you will be happily conditioned. 
I caught one with a hook.|To catch one with a hook, foretells assured pleasure and competence. If it falls back into the water, you will have a short season of happiness. 
I caught them with a seine.|To catch them with a seine, is a sign of unparalleled prosperity. 
I blew a trumpet.|To blow a trumpet, signifies that you will gain your wishes. 
I saw the contents of a trunk thrown about in disorder.|To see the contents of a trunk thrown about in disorder, foretells quarrels, and a hasty journey from which only dissatisfaction will accrue. 
I checked my trunk.|For a drummer to check his trunk, is an omen of advancement and comfort. If he finds that his trunk is too small for his wares, he will soon hear of his promotion, and his desires will reach gratification. For a young woman to dream that she tries to unlock her trunk and can't, signifies that she will make an effort to win some wealthy person, but by a misadventure she will lose her chance. If she fails to lock her trunk, she will be disappointed in making a desired trip. 
I saw a truss.|To see a truss in your dream, your ill health and unfortunate business engagements are predicted. 
I was a member of a trust.|If you imagine you are a member of a trust, you will be successful in designs of a speculative nature. 
I imagined me was a member of a trust.|If you imagine you are a member of a trust, you will be successful in designs of a speculative nature. 
I saw a tub full of water.|To dream of seeing a tub full of water, denotes domestic contentment. An empty tub proclaims unhappiness and waning of fortune. 
I tumbled off of any thing.|To dream that you tumble off of any thing, denotes that you are given to carelessness, and should strive to be prompt with your affairs. 
I saw others tumbliing.|To see others tumbliing,{sic} is a sign that you will profit by the negligence of others. 
I saw a train coming towards me while in a tunnel.|To see a train coming towards you while in a tunnel, foretells ill health and change in occupation. 
I passed through a tunnel in a car.|To pass through a tunnel in a car, denotes unsatisfactory business, and much unpleasant and expensive travel. 
I saw a tunnel caving in.|To see a tunnel caving in, portends failure and malignant enemies. 
I looked into one.|To look into one, denotes that you will soon be compelled to face a desperate issue. 
I saw a green turf.|To see a green turf, indicates that interesting affairs will hold your attention. 
I saw turkeys.|To dream of seeing turkeys, signifies abundant gain in business, and favorable crops to the farmer. 
I saw them dressed for the market.|To see them dressed for the market, denotes improvement in your affairs. 
I saw them sick.|To see them sick, or dead, foretells that stringent circumstances will cause your pride to suffer. 
I ate turkey.|To dream you eat turkey, foretells some joyful occasion approaching. 
I saw them flying.|To see them flying, denotes a rapid transit from obscurity to prominence. To shoot them as game, is a sign that you will unscrupulously amass wealth. 
I took a Turkish bath.|To dream of taking a Turkish bath, foretells that you will seek health far from your home and friends, but you will have much pleasurable enjoyment 
I saw others took a Turkish bath.|To see others take a Turkish bath, signifies that pleasant companions will occupy your attention. 
I saw turnips growing.|To see turnips growing, denotes that your prospects will brighten, and that you will be much elated over your success. 
I ate turnip greens.|To eat turnip greens, is a sign of bitter disappointment. Turnip seed is a sign of future advancement. 
I sowed turnip seed.|For a young woman to sow turnip seed, foretells that she will inherit good property, and win a handsome husband. 
I saw turtles.|To dream of seeing turtles, signifies that an unusual incident will cause you enjoyment, and improve your business conditions. 
I drank turtle soup.|To drink turtle soup, denotes that you will find pleasure in compromising intrigue. 
I saw tweezers.|To see tweezers in a dream, denotes uncomfortable situations will fill you with discontent, and your companions will abuse you. 
I saw twine.|To see twine in your dream, warns you that your business is assuming complications which will be hard to overcome. 
I saw twins.|To dream of seeing twins, foretells security in business, and faithful and loving contentment in the home. 
I saw type.|To see type in a dream, portends unpleasant transactions with friends. For a woman to clean type, foretells she will make fortunate speculations which will bring love and fortune. 
I was affected with this malady.|To dream that you are affected with this malady, is a warning to beware of enemies, and look well to your health. 
I was ugly.|To dream that you are ugly, denotes that you will have a difficulty with your sweetheart, and your prospects will assume a depressed shade. 
I saw an ulcer.|To see an ulcer in your dream, signifies loss of friends and removal from loved ones.  Affairs will remain unsatisfactory. 
I had ulcers.|To dream that you have ulcers, denotes that you will become unpopular with your friends by giving yourself up to foolish pleasures. 
I carried an umbrella.|To dream of carrying an umbrella, denotes that trouble and annoyances will beset you. 
I saw others carrying them.|To see others carrying them, foretells that you will be appealed to for aid by charity. 
I borrowed one.|To borrow one, you will have a misunderstanding, perhaps, with a warm friend. 
I lent one.|To lend one, portends injury from false friends.  To lose one, denotes trouble with some one who holds your confidence. 
I saw one torn to pieces.|To see one torn to pieces, or broken, foretells that you will be misrepresented and maligned. 
I carried a leaky one.|To carry a leaky one, denotes that pain and displeasure will be felt by you towards your sweetheart or companions. 
I carried a new umbrella over me in a clear shower.|To carry a new umbrella over you in a clear shower, or sunshine, omens exquisite pleasure and prosperity. 
I saw my uncle.|If you see your uncle in a dream, you will have news of a sad character soon. 
I saw my uncle prostrated in mind.|To dream you see your uncle prostrated in mind, and repeatedly have this dream, you will have trouble with your relations which will result in estrangement, at least for a time. 
I saw my uncle dead.|To see your uncle dead, denotes that you have formidable enemies. 
I had a misunderstanding with my uncle.|To have a misunderstanding with your uncle, denotes 
I was in an underground habitation.|To dream of being in an underground habitation, you are in danger of losing reputation and fortune. 
I rode on an underground railway.|To dream of riding on an underground railway, foretells that you will engage in some peculiar speculation which will contribute to your distress and anxiety. 
I was undressing.|To dream that you are undressing, foretells, scandalous gossip will overshadow you. 
I saw the ruler of my country undressed.|For a woman to dream that she sees the ruler of her country undressed, signifies sadness will overtake anticipated pleasures. She will suffer pain through the apprehension of evil to those dear to her. 
I saw others undressed.|To see others undressed, is an omen of stolen pleasures, which will rebound with grief. 
I was unfortunate.|To dream that you are unfortunate, is significant of loss to yourself, and trouble for others. 
I saw a uniform.|To see a uniform in your dream, denotes that you will have influential friends to aid you in obtaining your desires. 
I wore a uniform.|For a young woman to dream that she wears a uniform, foretells that she will luckily confer her favors upon a man who appreciated them, and returns love for passion. If she discards it, she will be in danger of public scandal by her notorious love for adventure. 
I saw people arrayed in strange uniforms.|To see people arrayed in strange uniforms, foretells the disruption of friendly relations with some other Power by your own government. This may also apply to families or friends.  To see a friend or relative looking sad while dressed in uniform, or as a soldier, predicts ill fortune or continued absence. 
I saw a United States mail box.|To see a United States mail box, in a dream, denotes that you are about to enter into transactions which will be claimed to be illegal. 
I put a letter in one.|To put a letter in one, denotes you will be held responsible for some irregularity of another. 
I met unknown persons.|To dream of meeting unknown persons, foretells change for good, or bad as the person is good looking, or ugly, or deformed. 
I was unknown.|To feel that you are unknown, denotes that strange things will cast a shadow of ill luck over you. 
I felt that I was unknown.|To feel that you are unknown, denotes that strange things will cast a shadow of ill luck over you. 
I was supporting an urgent petition.|To dream that you are supporting an urgent petition, is a sign that you will engage in some affair which will need fine financiering to carry it through successfully. 
I saw urine.|To dream of seeing urine, denotes ill health will make you disagreeable and unpleasant with your friends. 
I was urinating.|To dream that you are urinating, is an omen of bad luck, and trying seasons to love. 
I found myself a usurer.|To find yourself a usurer in your dreams, foretells that you will be treated with coldness by your associates, and your business will decline to your consternation. 
I was a usurper.|To dream that you are a usurper, foretells you will have trouble in establishing a good title to property. 
I usurped my rights.|If others are trying to usurp your rights, there will be a struggle between you and your competitors, but you will eventually win. 
I had this dream.|For a young woman to have this dream, she will be a party to a spicy rivalry, in which she will win. 
I was vaccinated.|To dream of being vaccinated, foretells that your susceptibility to female charms will be played upon to your sorrow. 
I was vaccinated on my leg.|For a young woman to be vaccinated on her leg, foreshadows her undoing through treachery. 
I was a vagrant.|To dream that you are a vagrant, portends poverty and misery. To see vagrants is a sign of contagion invading your community. To give to a vagrant, denotes that your generosity will be applauded. 
I was sending valentines.|To dream that you are sending valentines, foretells that you will lose opportunities of enriching yourself. 
I received one.|For a young woman to receive one, denotes that she will marry a weak, but ardent lover against the counsels of her guardians. 
I found myself walking through green and pleasant valleys.|To find yourself walking through green and pleasant valleys, foretells great improvements in business, and lovers will be happy and congenial.  If the valley is barren, the reverse is predicted. If marshy, illness or vexations may follow. 
I saw others varnishing.|To see others varnishing, foretells that you are threatened with danger from the endeavor of friends to add to their own possessions. 
I drank from a vase.|To drink from a vase, you will soon thrill with the delights of stolen love. 
I saw a broken vase.|To see a broken vase, foretells early sorrow.  For a young woman to receive one, signifies that she will soon obtain her dearest wish. 
I saw a vat.|To see a vat in your dreams, foretells anguish and suffering from the hands of cruel persons, into which you have unwittingly fallen. 
I was preparing vegetables for dinner.|For a young woman to dream that she is preparing vegetables for dinner, foretells that she will lose the man she desired through pique, but she will win a well-meaning and faithful husband. Her engagements will be somewhat disappointing. 
I rode in a vehicle.|To ride in a vehicle while dreaming, foretells threatened loss, or illness. 
I was thrown from one.|To be thrown from one, foretells hasty and unpleasant news. To see a broken one, signals failure in important affairs. 
I bought one.|To buy one, you will reinstate yourself in your former position. To sell one, denotes unfavorable change in affairs. 
I wore a veil.|To dream that you wear a veil, denotes that you will not be perfectly sincere with your lover, and you will be forced to use stratagem to retain him. 
I saw others wearing veils.|To see others wearing veils, you will be maligned and defamed by apparent friends. 
I lost my veil.|For a young woman to dream that she loses her veil, denotes that her lover sees through her deceitful ways and is likely to retaliate with the same. 
I saw a bridal veil.|To dream of seeing a bridal veil, foretells that you will make a successful change in the immediate future, and much happiness in your position. 
I wore a bridal veil.|For a young woman to dream that she wears a bridal veil, denotes that she will engage in some affair which will afford her lasting profit and enjoyment. If it gets loose, or any accident befalls it, she will be burdened with sadness and pain. 
I threw a veil aside.|To throw a veil aside, indicates separation or disgrace. 
I saw mourning veils.|To see mourning veils in your dreams, signifies distress and trouble, and embarrassment in business. 
I saw my veins.|To see your veins in a dream, insures you against slander, if they are normal. 
I saw them bleeding.|To see them bleeding, denotes that you will have a great sorrow from which there will be no escape. 
I saw them swollen.|To see them swollen, you will rise hastily to distinction and places of trust. 
I saw old velvet.|To see old velvet, means your prosperity will suffer from your extreme pride. 
I was veneering.|To dream that you are veneering, denotes that you will systematically deceive your friends, your speculations will be of a misleading nature. 
I thought myself one.|If you think yourself one, you will not conduct yourself honorably towards people who trust you. 
I was on a veranda.|To dream of being on a veranda, denotes that you are to be successful in some affair which is giving you anxiety. 
I was with my lover on a veranda.|For a young woman to be with her lover on a veranda, denotes her early and happy marriage. 
I saw an old veranda.|To see an old veranda, denotes the decline of hopes, and disappointment in business and love. 
I had vertigo.|To dream that you have vertigo, foretells you will have loss in domestic happiness, and your affairs will be under gloomy outlooks. 
I was vexed.|If you are vexed in your dreams, you will find many worries scattered through your early awakening. 
I thought some person was vexed with me.|If you think some person is vexed with you, it is a sign that you will not shortly reconcile some slight misunderstanding. 
I was favoring any vice.|To dream that you are favoring any vice, signifies you are about to endanger your reputation, by letting evil persuasions entice you. 
I saw others indulging in vice.|If you see others indulging in vice, some ill fortune will engulf the interest of some relative or associate. 
I was the victim of any scheme.|To dream that you are the victim of any scheme, foretells that you will be oppressed and over-powered by your enemies. Your family relations will also be strained. 
I victimized others.|To victimize others, denotes that you will amass wealth dishonorably and prefer illicit relations, to the sorrow of your companions. 
I won a victory.|To dream that you win a victory, foretells that you will successfully resist the attacks of enemies, and will have the love of women for the asking. 
I was in a village.|To dream that you are in a village, denotes that you will enjoy good health and find yourself fortunately provided for. 
I revisited the village home of my youth.|To revisit the village home of your youth, denotes that you will have pleasant surprises in store and favorable news from absent friends. 
I saw poisonous vines.|To see poisonous vines, foretells that you will be the victim of a plausible scheme and you will impair your health. 
I drank vinegar.|To dream of drinking vinegar, denotes that you will be exasperated and worried into assenting to some engagement which will fill you with evil foreboding. 
I used vinegar on vegetables.|To use vinegar on vegetables, foretells a deepening of already distressing affairs. 
I visited a vineyard which was not well-kept and filled with bad odors.|To visit a vineyard which is not well-kept and filled with bad odors, denotes disappointment will overshadow your most sanguine anticipations. 
I did some other persons violence.|If you do some other persons violence, you will lose fortune and favor by your reprehensible way of conducting your affairs. 
I saw violets.|To see violets in your dreams, or gather them, brings joyous occasions in which you will find favor with some superior person. 
I gathered them.|For a young woman to gather them, denotes that she will soon meet her future husband. 
I saw them dry.|To see them dry, or withered, denotes that her love will be scorned and thrown aside. 
I saw.|To see, or hear a violin in dreams, foretells harmony and peace in the family, and financial affairs will cause no apprehension. 
I played on one in my dreams.|For a young woman to play on one in her dreams, denotes that she will be honored and receive lavish gifts. 
I played was unsuccessful.|If her attempt to play is unsuccessful, she will lose favor, and aspire to things she never can possess. 
I was no longer a virgin.|For a young woman to dream that she is no longer a virgin, foretells that she will run great risk of losing her reputation by being indiscreet with her male friends. 
I visited.|If you visit in your dreams, you will shortly have some pleasant occasion in your life. 
I visited me.|For a friend to visit you, denotes that news of a favorable nature will soon reach you.  If the friend appears sad and travel-worn, there will be a note of displeasure growing out of the visit, or other slight disappointments may follow. If she is dressed in black or white and looks pale or ghastly, serious illness or accidents are predicted. 
I had a strange vision.|To dream that you have a strange vision, denotes that you will be unfortunate in your dealings and sickness will unfit you for pleasant duties. 
I was warned in a vision.|If your friend is near dissolution and you are warned in a vision, he will appear suddenly before you, usually in white garments. Visions of death and trouble have such close resemblance, that they are sometimes mistaken one for the other. 
I saw visions of any order.|To see visions of any order in your dreams, you may look for unusual developments in your business, and a different atmosphere and surroundings in private life.  Things will be reversed for a while with you. You will have changes in your business and private life seemingly bad, but eventually good for all concerned. 
I saw vitriol.|If you see vitriol in your dreams, it is a token of some innocent person being censured by you. 
I threw it on people.|To throw it on people, shows you will bear malice towards parties who seek to favor you. 
I had a jealous rival threw it in my face.|For a young woman to have a jealous rival throw it in her face, foretells that she will be the innocent object of some person's hatred. This dream for a business man, denotes enemies and much persecution. 
I heard weeping voices.|To hear weeping voices, shows that sudden anger will cause you to inflict injury upon a friend. 
I heard the voice of God.|If you hear the voice of God, you will make a noble effort to rise higher in unselfish and honorable principles, and will justly hold the admiration of high-minded people. 
I heard the voice of my child.|For a mother to hear the voice of her child, is a sign of approaching misery, perplexity and grievous doubts. 
I heard the voice of distress.|To hear the voice of distress, or a warning one calling to you, implies your own serious misfortune or that of some one close to you. If the voice is recognized, it is often ominous of accident or illness, which may eliminate death or loss. 
I saw a volcano.|To see a volcano in your dreams, signifies that you will be in violent disputes, which threaten your reputation as a fair dealing and honest citizen. 
I vomited.|To dream of vomiting, is a sign that you will be afflicted with a malady which will threaten invalidism, or you will be connected with a racy scandal. 
I saw others vomiting.|To see others vomiting, denotes that you will be made aware of the false pretenses of persons who are trying to engage your aid. 
I vomited a chicken.|For a woman to dream that she vomits a chicken, and it hops off, denotes she will be disappointed in some pleasure by the illness of some relative. Unfavorable business and discontent are also predicted. 
I vomited.|If it is blood you vomit, you will find illness a hurried and unexpected visitor.  You will be cast down with gloomy forebodings, and children and domesticity in general will ally to work you discomfort. 
I voted fraudulently.|To vote fraudulently, foretells that your dishonesty will overcome your better inclinations. 
I signed one.|To sign one, denotes that you have the aid and confidence of those around you, despite the evil workings of enemies. 
I lost one.|To lose one, signifies that you will have a struggle for your rights with relatives. 
I was making or listening to vowed.|To dream that you are making or listening to vows, foretells complaint will be made against you of unfaithfulness in business, or some love contract. To take the vows of a church, denotes you will bear yourself with unswerving integrity through some difficulty. 
I vowed.|To dream that you are making or listening to vows, foretells complaint will be made against you of unfaithfulness in business, or some love contract. To take the vows of a church, denotes you will bear yourself with unswerving integrity through some difficulty. 
I broke or ignore a vow.|To break or ignore a vow, foretells disastrous consequences will attend your dealings. 
I made a voyage.|To make a voyage in your dreams, foretells that you will receive some inheritance besides that which your labors win for you. 
I waded in clear water.|If you wade in clear water while dreaming, you will partake of evanescent, but exquisite joys.  If the water is muddy, you are in danger of illness, or some sorrowful experiences. 
I saw children wading in clear water was a happy prognostication.|To see children wading in clear water is a happy prognostication, as you will be favored in your enterprises. 
I made a wager.|To dream of making a wager, signifies that you will resort to dishonest means to forward your schemes. 
I lost a wager.|If you lose a wager, you will sustain injury from base connections with those out of your social sphere. 
I won one.|To win one, reinstates you in favor with fortune. 
I put up a wager.|If you are not able to put up a wager, you will be discouraged and prostrated by the adverseness of circumstances. 
I was not able to put up a wager.|If you are not able to put up a wager, you will be discouraged and prostrated by the adverseness of circumstances. 
I payed out wages.|To pay out wages, denotes that you will be confounded by dissatisfaction. 
I had my wages reduced.|To have your wages reduced, warns you of unfriendly interest that is being taken against you. 
I drove one down a hill.|To drive one down a hill, is ominous of proceedings which will fill you with disquiet, and will cause you loss. 
I drove one up hill.|To drive one up hill, improves your worldly affairs. 
I drove a heavily loaded wagon.|To drive a heavily loaded wagon, denotes that duty will hold you in a moral position, despite your efforts to throw her off. 
I drove into muddy water.|To drive into muddy water, is a gruesome prognostication, bringing you into a vortex of unhappiness and fearful foreboding. 
I saw a covered wagon.|To see a covered wagon, foretells that you will be encompassed by mysterious treachery, which will retard your advancement. 
I drove a wagon near a dangerous embankment.|For a young woman to dream that she drives a wagon near a dangerous embankment, portends that she will be driven into an illicit entanglement, which will fill her with terror, lest she be openly discovered and ostracised.  If she drives across a clear stream of water, she will enjoy adventure without bringing opprobrium upon herself. 
I saw a wagtail.|To see a wagtail in a dream, foretells that you will be the victim of unpleasant gossip, and your affairs will develop unmistakable loss. 
I heard a wail.|For a young woman to hear a wail, foretells that she will be deserted and left alone in distress, and perchance disgrace. 
I attended a wake.|To dream that you attend a wake, denotes that you will sacrifice some important engagement to enjoy some ill-favored assignation. 
I saw me lover at a wake.|For a young woman to see her lover at a wake, foretells that she will listen to the entreaties of passion, and will be persuaded to hazard honor for love. 
I walked in pleasant places.|To walk in pleasant places, you will be the possessor of fortune and favor. 
I walked in the night brought misadventure.|To walk in the night brings misadventure, and unavailing struggle for contentment. 
I found myself walking rapidly in my dreams.|For a young woman to find herself walking rapidly in her dreams, denotes that she will inherit some property, and will possess a much desired object. 
I saw a walking stick.|To see a walking stick in a dream, foretells you will enter into contracts without proper deliberation, and will consequently suffer reverses. If you use one in walking, you will be dependent upon the advice of others. To admire handsome ones, you will entrust your interest to others, but they will be faithful. 
I saw wallets.|To see wallets in a dream, foretells burdens of a pleasant nature will await your discretion as to assuming them. An old or soiled one, implies unfavorable results from your labors. 
I found a wall obstructing my progress.|To dream that you find a wall obstructing your progress, you will surely succumb to ill-favored influences and lose important victories in your affairs. 
I jumped over it.|To jump over it, you will overcome obstacles and win your desires. To force a breach in a wall, you will succeed in the attainment of your wishes by sheer tenacity of purpose. 
I demolished one.|To demolish one, you will overthrow your enemies. To build one, foretells that you will carefully lay plans and will solidify your fortune to the exclusion of failure, or designing enemies. 
I walked on top of a wall.|For a young woman to walk on top of a wall, shows that her future happiness will soon be made secure.  For her to hide behind a wall, denotes that she will form connections that she will be ashamed to acknowledge.  If she walks beside a base wall. she will soon have run the gamut of her attractions, and will likely be deserted at a precarious time. 
I cracked a decayed walnut.|To dream that you crack a decayed walnut, denotes that your expectations will end in bitterness and regretable collapse. 
I had walnut stain on my hands.|For a young woman to dream that she has walnut stain on her hands, foretells that she will see her lover turn his attention to another, and she will entertain only regrets for her past indiscreet conduct. 
I saw the waltz danced.|To see the waltz danced, foretells that you will have pleasant relations with a cheerful and adventuresome person. 
I was in want.|To dream that you are in want, denotes that you have unfortunately ignored the realities of life, and chased folly to her stronghold of sorrow and adversity. 
I found myself contented in a state of want.|If you find yourself contented in a state of want, you will bear the misfortune which threatens you with heroism, and will see the clouds of misery disperse. 
I relieved wanted.|To relieve want, signifies that you will be esteemed for your disinterested kindness, but you will feel no pleasure in well doing. 
I imagined me had a scant wardrobe.|If you imagine you have a scant wardrobe, you will seek association with strangers. 
I had a scant wardrobe.|If you imagine you have a scant wardrobe, you will seek association with strangers. 
I saw a warrant served on some one else.|To see a warrant served on some one else, there will be danger of your actions bringing you into fatal quarrels or misunderstandings. You are likely to be justly indignant with the wantonness of some friend. 
I was troubled with warts on my person.|If you are troubled with warts on your person, in dreams, you will be unable to successfully parry the thrusts made at your honor. 
I saw them leaving my hands.|To see them leaving your hands, foretells that you will overcome disagreeable obstructions to fortune. 
I saw them on others.|To see them on others, shows that you have bitter enemies near you. If you doctor them, you will struggle with energy to ward off threatened danger to you and yours. 
I saw a washboard.|To see a washboard in your dreams, is indicative of embarrassment. If you see a woman using one, it predicts that you will let women rob you of energy and fortune. 
I bathed my face and hands in a bowl of clear water.|To bathe your face and hands in a bowl of clear water, denotes that you will soon consummate passionate wishes which will bind you closely to some one who interested you, but before passion enveloped you. 
I was washing myself.|To dream that you are washing yourself, signifies that you pride yourself on the numberless liaisons you maintain. 
I wandered through waste places.|To dream of wandering through waste places, foreshadows doubt and failure, where promise of success was bright before you. 
I dropped the crystal of one.|To drop the crystal of one, foretells carelessness, or unpleasant companionship.  For a woman to lose one, signifies domestic disturbances will produce unhappiness. To imagine you steal one, you will have a violent enemy who will attack your reputation. 
I made a present of one.|To make a present of one, denotes you will suffer your interest to decline in the pursuance of undignified recreations. 
I saw it rise up in my house.|If you see it rise up in your house, denotes that you will struggle to resist evil, but unless you see it subside, you will succumb to dangerous influences. 
I found myself baling it out.|If you find yourself baling it out, but with feet growing wet, foreshadows trouble, sickness, and misery will work you a hard task, but you will forestall them by your watchfulness. The same may be applied to muddy water rising in vessels. 
I fell into muddy water.|To fall into muddy water, is a sign that you will make many bitter mistakes, and will suffer poignant grief therefrom. 
I drank muddy water.|To drink muddy water, portends sickness, but drinking it clear and refreshing brings favorable consummation of fair hopes. 
I had it sprayed on my head.|To have it sprayed on your head, denotes that your passionate awakening to love will meet reciprocal consummation. 
I saw water-carriers passing.|To see water-carriers passing in your dreams, denotes that your prospects will be favorable in fortune, and love will prove no laggard in your chase for pleasure. 
I thought I was a water-carrier.|If you think you are a water-carrier, you will rise above your present position. 
I was a water-carrier.|If you think you are a water-carrier, you will rise above your present position. 
I lighted wax tapers.|To dream of lighting wax tapers, denotes that some pleasing occurrence will bring you into association with friends long absent. 
I blew them out.|To blow them out, signals disappointing times, and sickness will forestall expected opportunities of meeting distinguished friends. 
I lost my way.|To dream you lose your way, warns you to disabuse your mind of lucky speculations, as your enterprises threaten failure unless you are painstaking in your management of affairs. 
I was possessed of much wealth.|To dream that you are possessed of much wealth, foretells that you will energetically nerve yourself to meet the problems of life with that force which compells success. 
I saw others wealthy.|To see others wealthy, foretells that you will have friends who will come to your rescue in perilous times. 
I was associated with wealthy people.|For a young woman to dream that she is associated with wealthy people, denotes that she will have high aspirations and will manage to enlist some one who is able to further them. 
I saw a weasel bent on a marauding expedition.|To see a weasel bent on a marauding expedition in your dreams, warns you to beware of the friendships of former enemies, as they will devour you at an unseemly time. 
I destroyed them.|If you destroy them, you will succeed in foiling deep schemes laid for your defeat. 
I was reading the reports of a weather bureau.|To think you are reading the reports of a weather bureau, you will change your place of abode, after much weary deliberation, but you will be benefited by the change. 
I thought I was reading the reports of a weather bureau.|To think you are reading the reports of a weather bureau, you will change your place of abode, after much weary deliberation, but you will be benefited by the change. 
I saw a weather witch.|To see a weather witch, denotes disagreeable conditions in your family affairs. 
I saw them conjuring the weather.|To see them conjuring the weather, foretells quarrels in the home and disappointment in business. 
I was weaving.|To dream that you are weaving, denotes that you will baffle any attempt to defeat you in the struggle for the up-building of an honorable fortune. 
I attended a wedding.|To attend a wedding in your dream, you will speedily find that there is approaching you an occasion which will cause you bitterness and delayed success. 
I was wedded.|For a person to dream of being wedded, is a sad augury, as death will only be eluded by a miracle.  If the wedding is a gay one and there are no ashen, pale-faced or black-robed ministers enjoining solemn vows, the reverses may be expected. 
I saw some one at me wedding dressed in mourning.|For a young woman to dream that she sees some one at her wedding dressed in mourning, denotes she will only have unhappiness in her married life. If at another's wedding, she will be grieved over the unfavorable fortune of some relative or friend.  She may experience displeasure or illness where she expected happiness and health.  The pleasure trips of others or her own, after this dream, may be greatly disturbed by unpleasant intrusions or surprises. 
I saw wedding clothes.|To see wedding clothes, signifies you will participate in pleasing works and will meet new friends.  To see them soiled or in disorder, foretells you will lose close relations with some much-admired person. 
I saw a wedding ring on the hand of a friend.|To see a wedding ring on the hand of a friend, or some other person, denotes that you will hold your vows lightly and will court illicit pleasure. 
I was in the bonds of an unwelcome wedlock.|To dream that you are in the bonds of an unwelcome wedlock, denotes you will be unfortunately implicated in a disagreeable affair. 
I was dissatisfied with wedlock.|For a young woman to dream that she is dissatisfied with wedlock, foretells her inclinations will persuade her into scandalous escapades. 
I was weeding.|To dream that you are weeding, foretells that you will have difficulty in proceeding with some work which will bring you distinction. 
I saw others weeding.|To see others weeding, you will be fearful that enemies will upset your plans. 
I saw others weeping.|To see others weeping, signals pleasant reunion after periods of saddened estrangements.  This dream for a young woman is ominous of lovers' quarrels, which can only reach reconciliation by self-abnegation. 
I weighed.|To dream of weighing, denotes that you are approaching a prosperous period, and if you set yourself determinedly toward success you will victoriously reap the full fruition of your labors. 
I weighed with my lover.|For a young woman to weigh with her lover, foretells that he will be ready at all times to comply with her demands. 
I was employed in a well.|To dream that you are employed in a well, foretells that you will succumb to adversity through your misapplied energies. You will let strange elements direct your course. 
I fell into a well.|To fall into a well, signifies that overwhelming despair will possess you. For one to cave in, promises that enemies' schemes will overthrow your own. 
I saw an empty well.|To see an empty well, denotes you will be robbed of fortune if you allow strangers to share your confidence. 
I saw one with a pump in it.|To see one with a pump in it, shows you will have opportunities to advance your prospects. 
I received a warm welcome into any society.|To dream that you receive a warm welcome into any society, foretells that you will become distinguished among your acquaintances and will have deference shown you by strangers. Your fortune will approximate anticipation. 
I prepared or eating Welsh rarebitted.|To dream of preparing or eating Welsh rarebits, denotes that your affairs will assume a complicated state, owing to your attention being absorbed by artful women and enjoyment of neutral fancies. 
I was wet.|To dream that you are wet, denotes that a possible pleasure may involve you in loss and disease.  You are warned to avoid the blandishments of seemingly well-meaning people. 
I was soaking wet.|For a young woman to dream that she is soaking wet, portends that she will be disgracefully implicated in some affair with a married man. 
I was a wet nurse.|To dream that you are a wet nurse, denotes that you will be widowed or have the care of the aged, or little children. 
I was a wet nurse.|For a woman to dream that she is a wet nurse, signifies that she will depend on her own labors for sustenance. 
I saw a whale approaching a ship.|To dream of seeing a whale approaching a ship, denotes that you will have a struggle between duties, and will be threatened with loss of property. 
I saw a whale overturn a ship.|If you see a whale overturn a ship, you will be thrown into a whirlpool of disasters. 
I saw or work with whalebone.|To see or work with whalebone in your dreams, you still form an alliance which will afford you solid benefit. 
I saw large fields of growing wheat.|To see large fields of growing wheat in your dreams, denotes that your interest will take on encouraging prospects. 
I saw large clear grains of wheat running through the thresher.|To see large clear grains of wheat running through the thresher, foretells that prosperity has opened her portals to the fullest for you. 
I saw it in sacks or barrels.|To see it in sacks or barrels, your determination to reach the apex of success is soon to be crowned with victory and your love matters will be firmly grounded. 
I saw its contents getting wet.|If your granary is not well covered and you see its contents getting wet, foretells that while you have amassed a fortune, you have not secured your rights and you will see your interests diminishing by the hand of enemies. 
I rubbed wheat from the head into my hand and eat it.|If you rub wheat from the head into your hand and eat it, you will labor hard for success and will obtain and make sure of your rights. 
I climbed a steep hill covered with wheat and think me was pulling myself up by the stalks of wheat.|To dream that you climb a steep hill covered with wheat and think you are pulling yourself up by the stalks of wheat, denotes you will enjoy great prosperity and thus be able to distinguish yourself in any chosen pursuit. 
I was pulling myself up by the stalks of wheat.|To dream that you climb a steep hill covered with wheat and think you are pulling yourself up by the stalks of wheat, denotes you will enjoy great prosperity and thus be able to distinguish yourself in any chosen pursuit. 
I saw swiftly rotating wheels.|To see swiftly rotating wheels in your dreams, foretells that you will be thrifty and energetic in your business and be successful in pursuits of domestic bliss. 
I saw idle or broken wheels.|To see idle or broken wheels, proclaims death or absence of some one in your household. 
I was in the path of a whirlwind.|To dream that you are in the path of a whirlwind, foretells that you are confronting a change which threatens to overwhelm you with loss and calamity. 
I was caught in a whirlwind and had trouble to keep my skirts from blowing up and entangling my waist.|For a young woman to dream that she is caught in a whirlwind and has trouble to keep her skirts from blowing up and entangling her waist, denotes that she will carry on a secret flirtation and will be horrified to find that scandal has gotten possession of her name and she will run a close risk of disgrace and ostracism. 
I kept my skirts from blowing up and entangling my waist.|For a young woman to dream that she is caught in a whirlwind and has trouble to keep her skirts from blowing up and entangling her waist, denotes that she will carry on a secret flirtation and will be horrified to find that scandal has gotten possession of her name and she will run a close risk of disgrace and ostracism. 
I drank it alone.|To drink it alone, foretells that you will sacrifice your friends to your selfishness. 
I destroyed whisky.|To destroy whisky, you will lose your friends by your ungenerous conduct. 
I saw or drink it.|To see or drink it, is to strive and reach a desired object after many disappointments.  If you only see it, you will never obtain the result hoped and worked for. 
I heard a whisper coming to me as advice or warning.|To hear a whisper coming to you as advice or warning, foretells that you stand in need of aid and counsel. 
I heard a whistle.|To hear a whistle in your dream, denotes that you will be shocked by some sad intelligence, which will change your plans laid for innocent pleasure. 
I was whistling.|To dream that you are whistling, foretells a merry occasion in which you expect to figure largely.  This dream for a young woman indicates indiscreet conduct and failure to obtain wishes is foretold. 
I was whitewashing.|To dream that you are whitewashing, foretells that you will seek to reinstate yourself with friends by ridding yourself of offensive habits and companions. 
I was a widow.|To dream that you are a widow, foretells that you will have many troubles through malicious persons. 
I married a widow.|For a man to dream that he marries a widow, denotes he will see some cherished undertaking crumble down in disappointment. 
I wore a wig.|To dream you wear a wig, indicates that you will soon make an unpropitious change. 
I lost a wig.|To lose a wig, you will incur the derision and contempt of enemies. To see others wearing wigs, is a sign of treachery entangling you. 
I was running about wild.|To dream that you are running about wild, foretells that you will sustain a serious fall or accident. 
I saw others doing so.|To see others doing so, denotes unfavorable prospects will cause you worry and excitement. 
I saw a wild man.|To see a wild man in your dream, denotes that enemies will openly oppose you in your enterprises.  To think you are one foretells you will be unlucky in following out your designs. 
I was making my will.|To dream you are making your will, is significant of momentous trials and speculations. 
I thought a will was against them.|For a wife or any one to think a will is against them, portends that they will have disputes and disorderly proceedings to combat in some event soon to transpire. 
I failed to prove a will.|If you fail to prove a will, you are in danger of libelous slander. To lose one is unfortunate for your business. 
I proved a will.|If you fail to prove a will, you are in danger of libelous slander. To lose one is unfortunate for your business. 
I destroyed one.|To destroy one, warns you that you are about to be a party to treachery and deceit. 
I heard the wind soughing.|If you hear the wind soughing, denotes that you will wander in estrangement from one whose life is empty without you. 
I walked briskly against a brisk wind.|To walk briskly against a brisk wind, foretells that you will courageously resist temptation and pursue fortune with a determination not easily put aside.  For the wind to blow you along against your wishes, portends failure in business undertakings and disappointments in love. If the wind blows you in the direction you wish to go you will find unexpected and helpful allies, or that you have natural advantages over a rival or competitor. 
I saw a windmill in operation.|To see a windmill in operation in your dreams, foretells abundant accumulation of fortune and marked contentment 
I saw one broken or idle.|To see one broken or idle, signifies adversity coming unawares. 
I saw windows.|To see windows in your dreams, is an augury of fateful culmination to bright hopes.  You will see your fairest wish go down in despair. Fruitless endeavors will be your portion. 
I sat in a window.|To sit in a window, denotes that you will be the victim of folly. To enter a house through a window, denotes that you will be found out while using dishonorable means to consummate a seemingly honorable purpose. 
I scaped by one.|To escape by one, indicates that you will fall into a trouble whose toils will hold you unmercifully close. 
I looked through a window when passing and strange objects appeared.|To look through a window when passing and strange objects appear, foretells that you will fail in your chosen avocation and lose the respect for which you risked health and contentment. 
I drank wine.|To dream of drinking wine, forebodes joy and consequent friendships. 
I saw barrels of wine.|To see barrels of wine, prognosticates great luxury.  To pour it from one vessel into another, signifies that your enjoyments will be varied and you will journey to many notable places. 
I drank wine.|For a young woman to dream of drinking wine, indicates she will marry a wealthy gentleman, but withal honorable. 
I had wings.|To dream that you have wings, foretells that you will experience grave fears for the safety of some one gone on a long journey away from you. 
I saw the wings of fowls or birds.|To see the wings of fowls or birds, denotes that you will finally overcome adversity and rise to wealthy degrees and honor. 
I saw a wire fence.|To see a wire fence in your dreams, foretells that you will be cheated in some trade you have in view. 
I was possessed of wisdom.|To dream you are possessed of wisdom, signifies your spirit will be brave under trying circumstances, and you will be able to overcome these trials and rise to prosperous living. If you think you lack wisdom, it implies you are wasting your native talents. 
I killed one.|To kill one, denotes that you will defeat sly enemies who seek to overshadow you with disgrace.  To hear the howl of a wolf, discovers to you a secret alliance to defeat you in honest competition. 
I argued with one.|To argue with one, foretells that you will be outwitted and foiled. 
I saw a dark-haired woman with blue eyes and a pug nose.|To see a dark-haired woman with blue eyes and a pug nose, definitely determines your withdrawal from a race in which you stood a showing for victory.  If she has brown eyes and a Roman nose, you will be cajoled into a dangerous speculation.  If she has auburn hair with this combination, it adds to your perplexity and anxiety. If she is a blonde, you will find that all your engagements will be pleasant and favorable to your inclinations. 
I saw woods on fire.|To see woods on fire, denotes that your plans will reach satisfactory maturity.  Prosperity will beam with favor upon you. 
I dealt in firewood.|To dream that you deal in firewood, denotes that you will win fortune by determined struggle. 
I saw soiled.|To see soiled, or dirty wool, foretells that you will seek employment with those who detest your principles. 
I was hard at work.|To dream that you are hard at work, denotes that you will win merited success by concentration of energy. 
I saw others at work.|To see others at work, denotes that hopeful conditions will surround you. 
I looked for work.|To look for work, means that you will be benefited by some unaccountable occurrence. 
I saw workshops.|To see workshops in your dreams, foretells that you will use extraordinary schemes to undermine your enemies. 
I used them as fish bait.|To use them in your dreams as fish bait, foretells that by your ingenuity you will use your enemies to good advantage. 
I was wounded.|To dream that you are wounded, signals distress and an unfavorable turn in business. 
I saw others wounded.|To see others wounded, denotes that injustice will be accorded you by your friends. 
I relieved or dress a wound.|To relieve or dress a wound, signifies that you will have occasion to congratulate yourself on your good fortune. 
I saw a wreath of fresh flowers.|To dream that you see a wreath of fresh flowers, denotes that great opportunities for enriching yourself will soon present themselves before you. 
I saw a bridal wreath.|To see a bridal wreath, foretells a happy ending to uncertain engagements. 
I saw a wreck.|To see a wreck in your dream, foretells that you will be harassed with fears of destitution or sudden failure in business. 
I was writing.|To dream that you are writing, foretells that you will make a mistake which will almost prove your undoing. 
I saw writing.|To see writing, denotes that you will be upbraided for your careless conduct and a lawsuit may cause you embarrassment. 
I read strange writing.|To try to read strange writing, signifies that you will escape enemies only by making no new speculation after this dream. 
I tried to read strange writing.|To try to read strange writing, signifies that you will escape enemies only by making no new speculation after this dream. 
I saw a yacht.|To see a yacht in a dream, denotes happy recreation away from business and troublesome encumbrances.  A stranded one, represents miscarriage of entertaining engagements. 
I worked with yarn.|For a young woman to dream that she works with yarn, foretells that she will be proudly recognized by a worthy man as his wife. 
I saw others yawning.|To see others yawning, foretells that you will see some of your friends in a miserable state.  Sickness will prevent them from their usual labors. 
I felt that I was yearning for the presence of anyone.|To feel in a dream that you are yearning for the presence of anyone, denotes that you will soon hear comforting tidings from your absent friends. 
I was yearning for the presence of anyone.|To feel in a dream that you are yearning for the presence of anyone, denotes that you will soon hear comforting tidings from your absent friends. 
I thought my lover was yearning for me.|For a young woman to think her lover is yearning for her, she will have the pleasure of soon hearing some one making a long-wished-for proposal. If she lets him know that she is yearning for him, she will be left alone and her longings will grow apace. 
I saw a yellow bird flitting about.|To see a yellow bird flitting about in your dreams, foretells that some great event will cast a sickening fear of the future around you. To see it sick or dead, foretells that you will suffer for another's wild folly. 
I visited a yew tree and find it dead and stripped of its foliage.|To visit a yew tree and find it dead and stripped of its foliage, predicts a sad death in your family.  Property will not console for this loss. 
I yielded to another 's wished.|To dream you yield to another's wishes, denotes that you will throw away by weak indecision a great opportunity to elevate yourself. 
I received poor yield for my labors.|To receive poor yield for your labors, you may expect cares and worries. 
I saw a yoke.|To dream of seeing a yoke, denotes that you will unwillingly conform to the customs and wishes of others. 
I saw young people.|To dream of seeing young people, is a prognostication of reconciliation of family disagreements and favorable times for planning new enterprises. 
I was young again.|To dream that you are young again, foretells that you will make mighty efforts to recall lost opportunities, but will nevertheless fail. 
I saw my son an infant or small child again.|For a mother to see her son an infant or small child again, foretells that old wounds will be healed and she will take on her youthful hopes and cheerfulness.  If the child seems to be dying, she will fall into ill fortune and misery will attend her. 
I saw the young in school.|To see the young in school, foretells that prosperity and usefulness will envelope you with favors.  _Yule Log_. 
I saw one wild in my native country.|To see one wild in his native country, foretells that you will pursue a chimerical fancy which will return you unsatisfactory pleasure upon possession. 
I saw zinc.|To work with or to see zinc in your dreams, indicates substantial and energetic progress.  Business will assume a brisk tone in its varying departments. 
I worked with or to see zinc.|To work with or to see zinc in your dreams, indicates substantial and energetic progress.  Business will assume a brisk tone in its varying departments. 
I saw it appearing weird.|To see it appearing weird, denotes that some untoward grief is hovering over you and it will take strenuous efforts to dispell it. 
I studied the zodiac.|To study the zodiac in your dreams, denotes that you will gain distinction and favor by your intercourse with strangers. 
I approached it or it approached me.|If you approach it or it approaches you, foretells that you will succeed in your speculations to the wonderment of others and beyond your wildest imagination. 
I drew a map of it.|To draw a map of it, signifies future gain. 
I visited zoological gardens.|To dream of visiting zoological gardens, denotes that you will have a varied fortune.  Sometimes it seems that enemies will overpower you and again you stand in the front rank of success. You will also gain knowledge by travel and sojourn in foreign countries. 